

 
 
                                                                                                                      Date: August 28, 2025 
                                                                                                                   Place: Chennai  
Ref: SHAI/B & S/SE/79/2025-26                                                                                         
To,        To, 
The Manager      The Manager  
Listing Department     Listing Department  
BSE Limited       National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1,  
Dalal Street       G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400001.     Mumbai – 400051. 
Maharashtra, India     Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543412      Symbol: STARHEALTH 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Annual Report - FY 2024-25 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 and Regulation 53 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation 2015, please find enclosed the Annual Report of the Company for FY 2024-25. 
The aforesaid Annual Report is also available on the website of the Company at www.starhealth.in 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Jayashree Sethuraman 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
 
Copy to: 
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, 
Asian Building, Ground floor, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai-400 001, 
Maharashtra, India. 
 
 

Star Health & Allied Insurance Company Limited 
Annual Report 2024-25
Built Around Customers!

What’s Inside
173 Independent Auditor’s Report
182 Revenue Account
186 Profit and Loss Account
188 Balance Sheet
190 Receipts and Payments Account
191  Schedules forming part of 
Financial Statements
239   Management Report
173
PG.
02      About Star Health and 
Allied Insurance
06 Product Portfolio
10 Geographic Footprint
14 Managing Director’s Message
16 Performance Highlights
18 Risk Management
26 Underwriting Excellence
27     Investment
28 Affordable Healthcare
30 Branding and Marketing
34 Customer Centricity
40 Technology Excellence
46      Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG)
48 Stakeholder Engagement
60 Board of Directors
62 Leadership Team
65 Corporate Information
02
PG.
CORPORATE 
OVERVIEW
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS 
66
PG.
STATUTORY 
REPORTS
66      Management Discussion & Analysis
76      Notice of the Annual 
General Meeting
92 Board’s Report
99      Corporate Governance Report
134   Business Responsibility & 
Sustainability Reporting
Forward-looking statements
Certain  statements  in  this  Report  regarding  our  
business  operations  may  constitute  forward-
looking  statements.  Forward-looking  statements  
are necessarily dependent on assumptions, data or 
methods  that  may  be  incorrect  or  imprecise  and  
that may be incapable of being realised and as such, 
are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, 
but  constitute  our  current  expectations  based  on  
reasonable assumptions. Actual results could differ 
materially  from  those  projected  in  any  forward-
looking  statements  due  to  various  events,  risks,  
uncertainties and other factors. We neither assume 
any  obligation  nor  intend  to  update  or  revise  any  
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise.
The report can be accessed at:
www.starhealth.in

is our guiding philosophy, reflecting our commitment to building a 
healthier India by placing customers at the heart of everything we 
do. In FY 2025, we sharpened this focus further, responding more 
meaningfully to meet their evolving aspirations.
Our  goal  is  simple:  to  democratise  
health    insurance    by    offering    
solutions  that  meet  diverse  needs  
and set new benchmarks in customer 
experience and service excellence.
In  the  health  insurance  landscape,  increasing  opportunities  are  emerging  from  
regulatory  changes  and  technological  advancements.  Customer  needs  and  
expectations  are  evolving  rapidly,  influenced  by  rising  incomes,  greater  financial  
awareness, and favourable policy reforms.
We’ve  reimagined  our  strategic  priorities  in  line  with  the  changing  reality  of  the  
industry, expanding our footprint, innovating across customer service touchpoints, 
and  building  affordable,  accessible,  and  personalised  insurance  solutions.  Aligned  
with  the  IRDAI’s  vision  of  ‘Insurance  for  All  by  2047’,  we  aim  to  expand  access  to  
health insurance, particularly in semi-urban and rural regions of Bharat, where health 
protection has traditionally been limited.
We’ve  built  our  business  not  just  around  technology  or  products,  but  around  
customers.  We  continue  to  make  meaningful  strides  in  enhancing  customer  
experiences with innovation and technology, delivering lasting value, and deepening 
inclusion at every step.

Inclusive 
Protection for 
a Healthier 
Bharat
About Star Health and Allied Insurance
Health  insurance  has  evolved  from  
a  safety  net  to  a  vital  enabler  of  
individual  well-being.  Today,  it  is  
not  just  an  option  –  it  is  a  right  
extended to all segments of society. 
It  has  emerged  as  a  crucial  pillar  
in  safeguarding  lives,  preserving  
financial  health,  and  empowering  
people to live better.
02
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

At  Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  Company  Limited  (“Star  
Health” or “the Company”), we believe that health insurance is 
the  key  to  building  a  healthier,  more  secure  Bharat.  As  India’s  
first and leading standalone health insurer, we have transformed 
the industry with pioneering offerings, aimed at making health 
coverage accessible to all. Our wide product portfolio is designed 
to serve customers across their health insurance lifecycle needs.
Over the years, we have grown from a traditional medical insurer 
to  a  holistic  healthcare  partner,  focussed  on  improving  the  
overall quality of life. Our mission is deeply rooted in the belief 
that  healthcare  protection  should  be  inclusive,  equitable,  and  
accessible for every Indian.  
Focussed on Responsible Business
We remain steadfast in our efforts to:
 •Extend insurance coverage to all sections of the population
 •Continuously expand our product portfolio and service offerings
 •Build long-standing relationships with customers
 •Operate with a customer-first, service-driven approach
 •Promote  insurance  awareness  through  social  outreach  and  
educational initiatives
Our Vision
To be the most admired health insurance company in India.
Our Values
 •Customer Centricity
 •Innovation
 •Transparency
Our Mission
 •To offer a wide range of innovative products/services.
 •To   provide   prompt,   courteous   and   quality   service   to   
the customers.
 •To leverage state-of-the-art technology for customer satisfaction.
 •To adopt the best management practices in business operations.
WHAT SETS US APART
 •We  have  democratised  access  to  health  insurance  to  all  
segments of society – urban or rural, affluent or underserved.
 •We  aim  to  educate  our  policyholders  on  the  importance  of  
insurance  and  their  entitlements,  empowering  them  with  
knowledge and transparency.
 •Our  responsibility  extends  beyond  claims.  We  counsel  and  
guide our customers on preventive care, helping them reduce 
healthcare expenses and improve their well-being.
 •Through comprehensive health plans, we protect our customers’ 
savings and financial health.
Annual Report 2024-25
03
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

KEY FACTSHIGHLIGHTS OF FY 2025
20 crores+
Total lives covered since inception
19 lakhs+
Claims settled  
2.21 times 
Solvency as on 31 March, 2025
Rs. 10 thousand crores+
Claim amount paid
7 lakhs+
Agents of the Company servicing 
customer needs
1 crore+
Claims settled since inception
2 crores+
Lives insured 
9.5%
IFRS ROE
96%
Cashless claims settled in less 
than three hours
STRENGTHS 
THAT 
EMPOWER  
US
First mover advantage, 
being the first company in 
India to focus exclusively on 
health insurance, personal 
accident and overseas travel 
insurance coverage
Robust footprint and 
alternate distribution 
channels – presence in 25 
states and 5 union territories, 
supported by 913 branches 
and 7 lakh+ agents
Comprehensive 
product suite for 
specific and evolving 
needs of customers 
(individuals, families 
and companies)
Continued 
investments 
in technology 
and digitisation
Strong domain 
expertise driving 
optimal claims ratio
Strong brand presence, 
with sustained 
market leadership in 
retail health
Efficient claims 
processing and 
network negotiation
04
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

AWARDS AND ACCOLADES
During the year, Star Health received the following awards and recognitions:
Great Indian Employee Engagement 
Strategy of the Year - The Faces 
of STAR Health Campaign by 
Transformance Forums
E4M Health and Wellness 
Marketing Award – UGC Campaign 
by Exchange4media
Green Building Award
Most Credentialed Insurance by 
www.Mouthshut.com
Outstanding Achievement in Risk 
Culture Building Award at the CRO 
Leadership Summit & Awards 2024 
by UBS Forums
Best Health Insurance Company 
at InsureNext Global Conclave & 
Awards 2025
CII CFO Excellence Award by CII
Best data Analytics Team of the Year 
- 2
nd
 Edition of Data Analytics & AI 
Show 2025 by Quantic Awards
Runner Up - Most Effective 
Insurance Penetration for the Year at 
ASSOCHAM- 16
th
 Global Insurance 
Summit and Awards 2024
Annual Report 2024-25
05
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Diversified Offerings for Evolving 
Customer Needs 
Product Portfolio
India’s health insurance landscape is rapidly evolving, driven by diverse healthcare needs and rising customer 
expectations. Our comprehensive suite of offerings is designed to protect and empower individuals and 
families  across  all  demographics.  Through  continued  investments  in  R&D  and  product  innovation,  we  
develop solutions that cater to specific and evolving customer requirements. 
06
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

RETAIL HEALTH PRODUCTS 
Retail Health Products
 •Coverage  provided  for  individuals,  families,  children  and  senior  
citizens, in addition to specialised coverage for those with pre-existing 
medical conditions
 •Customised coverage with optional add-ons allowing customers to 
choose as per their needs
Group Health Products
 •Coverage  for  employer/employee  and  non-employer/  
employee groups, including SMEs. Employers or groups can 
choose add-on covers based on their specific requirements
 •Distributed   through   collaborations   with   corporate   
agents, banks brokers, and online channel partners (web 
aggregators)
Personal Accident Products
 •Benefit-based  coverage,  providing  compensation  primarily  
for accidental death, as well as permanent total, permanent 
partial, and temporary total disabilities
Travel Insurance Products
 •Coverage   for   emergency   hospitalisation   expenses,   
travel  inconveniences  under  overseas  and  domestic  
travel  products  during  travel/stay  abroad  and  within  
India, respectively
 •Overseas  travel  products  comprise  plans  for  permanent  
residents in India, corporate executives abroad for business 
purposes, and students studying abroad
Annual Report 2024-25
07
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Among   these   offerings,   three   products   have   witnessed   
significant market traction:
Star Cancer Care Platinum Insurance Policy
Provides  cover  for  persons  diagnosed  with  cancer  (any  stage).  The  
product  also  provides  indemnity  coverage  for  medical  expenses  
incurred for cancer and non-cancer ailments.
Star Cardiac Care Insurance Policy-Platinum
This policy is for individuals aged between 7 and 70 years who have 
previously been diagnosed with a cardiac ailment/disorder and have 
undergone a cardiac surgical intervention.
Diabetes Safe Insurance Policy
This policy is for individuals living with diabetes (both Type I and Type 
II), indemnifying the expenses incurred on the treatment of diabetes 
and  non-diabetes  ailments.  The  policy  also  includes  coverage  for  
personal accident and outpatient (OP) expenses.
We  have  pioneered  the  introduction  of  innovative,  specialised  
products  that  cater  to  the  needs  of  diverse  customer  segments.  
We  were  the  first  in  the  industry  to  launch  dedicated  insurance  
solutions for individuals suffering from cardiac ailments, cancer, and 
diabetes, etc.
We  have  developed  seven  specialised  health  insurance  products.  
These products have reinforced our position as an innovation-driven 
insurer committed to inclusion and customer satisfaction.
FOCUS ON SPECIALISED PRODUCTS 
Specialised Products (GWP in Crores)
FY 23FY 24FY 25
79.5065.1877.08
DIVERSIFIED OFFERINGS 
Star Women Care Insurance Policy
This  policy  provides  surrogacy  and  oocyte  donor  covers,  and  has  
many industry-first features, which include:
 •Coverage of in-utero foetal surgery/repair up to the sum insured
 •Rehabilitation and pain management up to Sublimit or maximum 
up to 10% of the sum insured, whichever is lesser
 •One-time   payable   scheme   covering   cost   of   metabolic   
screening test
 •Voluntary Sterilisation expenses 
Star Health Assure Insurance Policy
It offers a wide range of features, such as:
 •Automatic restoration of sum insured is covered for a maximum 
of up to 100% of the sum insured for unlimited number of times
 •Home  care  treatment  (subject  to  a  maximum  of  Rs.  5  lakhs  in  a  
policy year)
 •Delivery expenses (including prenatal and postnatal expenses)
 •Industry-first   coverage   for   treatment   of   chronic   severe   
refractory  asthma  through  advanced  medicine  called  “Nucala  
(Mepoluzimab)”;  coverage  not  exceeding  Rs.  5,00,000  per  
policy period
Star Special Care
This unique, first-of-its-kind product in the industry is designed to:
 •Cover children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder 
(ASD), covering hospitalisation expenses where ASD is not treated 
as pre existing disease (PED)
 •Cover  outpatient  specialised  treatments  available  up  to  the  
sublimit, for behavioural therapy, speech therapy, physiotherapy 
and occupational therapy
Star Cancer Care Platinum Insurance Policy
This policy is designed for persons diagnosed with cancer:
 •Covers  hospitalisation  expenses  for  cancer  and  other  declared  
PEDs after 30 months’ waiting period
 •Provides  hospice  care,  payable  up  to  20%  of  sum  insured  at  
network providers on an indemnity basis
 •Gives coverage for rehabilitation and pain management
Star Cardiac Care Insurance Policy – Platinum
This pioneering initiative is designed for persons who have undergone 
cardiac surgical intervention/procedure
 •Covers hospitalisation expenses for cardiac ailments after a waiting 
period of 30 days
 •Provides coverage up to 200% of SI in case of heart transplantation
 •Includes wellness discount of up to 10% of renewal premium
08
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

NEW PRODUCTS LAUNCHED IN FY 2025
SEGMENT-WISE CONTRIBUTION TO TOTAL 
REVENUE IN FY 2025
Super Star Policy
During  the  year,  we  launched  ‘Super  Star',  a  personalised  long-
term  health  insurance  plan  which  offers  product  customisation  
for  customers  and  enhances  customer  value.  This  game-changer  
product aims to meet the evolving needs of policyholders and offers 
unparalleled  flexibility  and  customisation.  The  long-term,  5-year  
policy  term  offers  protection  against  inflation  for  individuals  and  
families alike.
The Super Star insurance plan marks a paradigm shift in the health 
insurance  landscape  by  offering  modular  coverage  that  adapts  to  
customers’ needs through different life stages, powered by advanced 
technology  such  as  data  analytics,  artificial  intelligence  (AI),  and  
automation. Whether it's a young professional seeking basic coverage 
or  a  family  looking  for  a  comprehensive,  future-ready  solution,  the  
Super Star plan provides tailored offerings for everyone.
91.8%
Retail Health
1.1%
PA
0.1%
OMP
7%
Group Health
Annual Report 2024-25
09
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Deepening Impact with Extensive Presence
Geographic Footprint
Through our robust network of branches, offices, sales personnel, brokers, corporate agents, and bancassurance 
partners spanning 25 states and 5 Union Territories, we ensure access to health insurance solutions to the unserved 
and underserved semi-urban and rural regions. We continue to expand our footprint across the country, aimed 
at empowering customers and strengthening health protection. 
We have integrated the NHCX (National Health Claim Exchange) and ABDM (Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission) 
stacks by leveraging our in-house engineering team, establishing industry leadership with our digital-first, future-
ready approach.
913 
Number of Branches
OUR 
PRESENCE
10
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

HIGHLIGHTS OF FY 2025
GROWING REACH AND MARKET SHARE
416111 thousand+
Districts with Star 
Health's presence
Number of 
Web aggregators
Number of Sales 
Manager Stations
32.59%
57.63%
7 
lakhs+
Agents representing Star Health
Star Health's Market share 
in Retail Health
SAHI Market Share in 
Retail Health
84
Number of insurance 
marketing firms
43
Number of 
Bancassurance partners
913
Number of Star 
Health offices
15
Number of Telesales units
80
Number of other 
corporate agents
518
Number of brokers
8 thousand+
Number of direct POSPs
8 thousand+
Number of Sales Managers
Retail Health
13.92%
Star Health's Market 
share in Overall Health
31.61%
SAHI Market Share in 
Overall Health
Overall Health
Note: SAHI denotes Standalone 
Health Insurer
Annual Report 2024-25
11
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Agency
Corporate
Banca
Digital
CHANNEL-WISE 
CONTRIBUTION 
TO GWP
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
12

OUR STRATEGY 
The  recent  years  have  seen  a  significant  rise  in  awareness  
about  health  insurance,  particularly  among  semi-urban  
and  rural  populations.  We  are  capitalising  on  this  trend  by  
strengthening  our  presence  across  these  regions,  where  
the  scope  for  growth  and  insurance  penetration  remains  
substantial.  Our  region-wise  branch  network  reflects  this  
focus, with a growing presence in non-metro and rural areas.
REGION-WISE BRANCH MIX  
(AS ON 31 MARCH, 2025)
Looking  ahead,  we  plan  to  expand  our  agent  network  to  
reach  one  million  agents  over  the  next  three  years.  This  
expansion  will  serve  as  a  key  strategic  lever  in  deepening  
insurance  penetration,  particularly  across  non-metro  cities  
and emerging towns.
253372288
MetroUrbanSemi-urban
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
13

Dear Shareholders,
It  is  with  gratitude  that  I  present  our  
Annual  Report  for  FY  2024-25.  This  
year  has  been  pivotal  for  Star  Health,  
marked by a sharper focus on customer-
centricity,  digital  channel  expansion,  
and  product  innovation,  all  aimed  at  
expanding access to health insurance. 
In  a  dynamic  and  evolving  landscape,  
we  took  strategic  steps  to  address  
the needs of our customers as well as 
measures  to  improve  profitability  of  
the business. 
OPPORTUNITIES    IN    INDIA’S    HEALTH    
INSURANCE SECTOR
India’s health insurance sector is poised for sustained 
growth.  Rising  cost  of  healthcare,  low  penetration  
levels,  favourable  demographics,  rising  financial  
awareness,  and  expanding  digital  connectivity,  
present  unprecedented  opportunities.  Progressive  
government  reforms  have  further  strengthened  
the momentum.
The  Union  Budget’s  focus  on  healthcare  through  
higher allocations on medical infrastructure, expansion 
of  schemes  like  Ayushman  Bharat,  and  digital  
health  initiatives,  is  expected  to  enhance  insurance  
penetration  and  awareness  across  the  nation.  Most  
significantly, the regulator’s “Insurance for All by 2047” 
mission  has  emerged  as  a  bold  and  transformative  
measure,  and  Star  Health  is  fully  aligned  with  this  
national vision.
Ensuring Inclusive Health Protection for All
Managing Director’s Message
14
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

As  India’s  leading  standalone  health  insurer,  we’ve  proactively  
aligned  our  strategic  priorities  in  line  with  shifting  market  
dynamics  and  regulatory  evolution.  We  have  laid  ambitious  
plans  to  expand  our  presence  in  rural  and  semi-urban  markets  
and  49%  of  our  business  now  comes  from  these  areas.  We  will  
continue  to  deliver  meaningful  solutions  and  services  to  our  
customers. We have integrated both the NHCX (National Health 
Claim  Exchange)  and  ABDM  (Ayushman  Bharat  Digital  Mission)  
stacks by leveraging our in-house engineering team, reinforcing 
our leadership position in the industry.
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
I  am  delighted  to  share  that  we  delivered  a  solid  financial  
performance  in  FY  2024-25.  Our  Gross  Written  Premium  (GWP)  
grew  by  15%,  reaching  Rs.  17,553  crores.  Retail  GWP  grew  by  
25%, driven by enhanced agent productivity, sharper campaigns, 
and  expanded  digital  reach.  Our  Profit  after  Tax  (PAT )  stood  at  
Rs. 787 crores, compared to Rs. 1,103 crores in FY 2023-24. Return 
on Equity (ROE) for the year was 9.5%. As of 31 March, 2025, our 
solvency  ratio  stood  at  2.21  times,  well  above  the  regulatory  
requirement of 1.5 times.
We continue to maintain leadership in the retail health insurance 
segment,  commanding  a  33%  market  share.  Our  domain  
expertise,  combined  with  our  strong  distribution  network  and  
digital-first  approach,  underscores  our  position  as  a  preferred  
partner for customers seeking comprehensive health coverage.
CUSTOMER-FOCUSSED. DIGITALLY-ENABLED
During the year, we significantly improved our claims experience, 
boosting  our  Net  Promoter  Score  (NPS)  through  faster  pre-
authorisations,  higher  service  quality,  and  deeper  technology  
integration. We maintained a best-in-class claim settlement ratio 
of 70.3%, reflecting our ongoing focus on operational efficiency 
and  customer  satisfaction.  Our  in-house  claims  management  
system and technology initiatives have strengthened the claims 
process, allowing us to handle 96% of claims in under three hours. 
Notably, 83% of settled claims were cashless.
Our values-driven approach, with customer-centricity, innovation, 
and  transparency  at  its  core,  enables  us  to  address  diverse  
demographics,  expand  market  reach,  and  bolster  product  
offerings. One of the year’s standout innovations was the launch 
of our Super Star policy. This product offers 21 optional covers and 
unique features like ‘Freeze Your Age’ and ‘Limitless Care’, making it 
a unique proposition and top-selling policy on digital platforms.
We also took major strides in digital transformation and service 
enhancement.  Our  customer  app  witnessed  strong  traction,  
with  total  downloads  surpassing  1  Crore  as  of  31  March,  2025.  
We continue to invest in cutting-edge technology platforms and 
digital  onboarding  journeys  for  faster  turnaround  and  real-time  
visibility. From sales and service to claims and retention, we are 
embedding automation and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enhance 
speed, scale, and customer satisfaction. 
COMMITTED TO SUSTAINABLE IMPACT
We  remain  deeply  conscious  of  our  responsibility  to  people,  
society, and the planet, while upholding the highest governance 
standards.  Our  ESG  interventions  reflect  our  commitment  to  
inclusive  and  sustainable  development.  A  landmark  initiative  in  
this  realm  has  been  the  launch  of  India’s  first  health  insurance  
policy in Braille, making health protection more accessible to the 
visually impaired.
I  am  also  pleased  to  share  that  Star  Health  is  ISO  certified  for  
Business  Continuity  and  Information  Security.  Further,  we  were  
recognised as India’s most sustainable insurer in the S&P Global’s 
latest assessment, earning an ESG score of 53.
OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, we remain focussed on driving profitable growth 
and  improving  market  share  in  the  retain  segment.  Supported  
by robust underwriting, operational excellence, and best-in-class 
claims  services..  Digital  transformation  remains  at  the  core  of  
our  operations  —  helping  us  deliver  faster  service,  seamless  
experience, and real-time insights..
I  am  thankful  to  our  Board,  employees,  regulators,  distributors,  
customers,  shareholders,  and  other  stakeholders,  for  their  
continued  trust  and  support.  Through  our  sustained  efforts  
and  investments,  we  will  continue  to  reach  deeper  into  the  
underserved  and  emerging  markets  of  Bharat,  bringing  health  
insurance  to  those  who  need  it  the  most  and  deliver  lasting  
impact for all.
Warm regards,
Anand Roy
MD & CEO
During   the   year,   we   significantly   
improved   our   claims   experience,   
boosting our Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
through  faster  pre-authorisations,  
higher  service  quality,  and  deeper  
technology integration.
Note :All figures mentioned are on IFRS basis
Annual Report 2024-25
15
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Delivering Steady Performance 
in FY 2025
Performance Highlights
GWP                                                                                                                                  
Rs. in crores
Expense Ratio    (%)
Investment Income     Rs. in crores
Claims Ratio   (%)
Combined Ratio   (%)
Profit After Tax    Rs. in crores
16,781.36
30.80
1,279.03
70.3
101.1
645.86
15,254.45
30.20
1,084.10
66.47
96.67
97.3%
1,103
101.1%
787
845.01
12,952.47
30.33
834.56
65.00
95.33
618.59
11,463.47
30.81
792.82
87.06
117.87
(1,040.67)
9,388.54
27.70
423.68
94.44
122.14
(1,085.71)
2020-21 
2020-21 
2020-21 
2020-21 
2020-21 
2020-21 
2022-23
2022-23
2022-23
2022-23
2022-23
2022-23
2021-22 
2021-22 
2021-22 
2021-22 
2021-22 
2021-22 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2024-25
2024-25
2024-25
2024-25
2024-25
2024-25
IFRS Figures
IFRS Figures
16
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

ROCE (%)
Solvency Ratio   (%)
Net Worth     Rs. in crores
9.20%
2.21
7,022.03
13.3%
15.2%
7,830
9.5%
8,667
2.21
6,339.24
11.4%
2.14
5,430.13
(23.06%)
1.67
4,513.38
(31.16%)
2.22
3,484.34
2020-21 
2020-21 
2020-21 
2022-23
2022-23
2022-23
2021-22 
2021-22 
2021-22 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2023-24 
2024-25
2024-25
2024-25
IFRS Figures
IFRS Figures
Annual Report 2024-25
17
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Fostering a Robust Enterprise-wide  
Risk Management Framework
Risk Management
We  empower  confident  and  risk-based  decision-making  by  proactively  identifying,  assessing,  and  actively  
managing  risks.  We  diversify  the  inherent  risks  in  our  business  operations  through  our  extensive  scale,  wide  
product and service offerings, and the diverse channels of distribution.
Our   commitment   remains   unwavering:   to   facilitate   the   
organisation’s  expansion  in  a  profitable,  responsible,  and  
sustainable  manner.  In  light  of  a  dynamic  business  environment  
and regulatory changes designed to foster overall sector growth, 
we  are  poised  to  adapt  and  thrive  in  this  evolving  landscape.  
Risk-based supervision is central to our strategy, ensuring robust 
oversight and management of risks.
We recognise the increasing participation of people from all walks 
of life in the financial sector and the rising health consciousness 
among our customers. These trends present unique opportunities 
for innovation and growth, allowing us to better serve our diverse 
clientele.  Our  purpose  remains  steadfast:  safeguarding  our  
customers, society, & the organisation for a brighter future.
Our integrated, ISO-aligned ERM framework, governed by a Three 
Lines  of  Defence  model,  ensures  we  manage  all  material  risks  
responsibly.  This  approach  strengthens  stakeholder  confidence,  
safeguards  policyholder  interests,  and  supports  our  long-
term sustainability.
To  effectively  manage  inherent  risks,  we  strategically  
diversify by leveraging our scale, a comprehensive range of 
products and services, and multiple distribution channels. 
This approach not only helps us navigate challenges but also 
positions  us  to  capitalise  on  emerging  opportunities.  Our  
commitment to excellence is reinforced by our dedication 
to  uphold  values  of  customer  centricity,  transparency,  
and innovation.
We continue to further strengthen our foundation, ensuring 
that  we  meet  our  obligations  responsibly  while  driving  
sustainable growth.
Prashant Prabhakar Kalaver, Chief Risk Officer
THE YEAR UNFOLDED
In the year gone by, Star Health, being the market leader, deployed 
tools  to  proactively  manage  emerging  risks  and  benchmark  risk  
management  practices  to  effectively  manage  risks  with  proactive  
management  responses.  This  included  widespread  changes  in  the  
regulatory environment, improving customer experience, and other 
market-wide risks that could have impacted our customers or caused 
material financial strain on our business and existing operations.
ROBUST  FRAMEWORK:  FY  2025  RISK  MANAGEMENT  
STRATEGIES
Star Health is committed to maintaining a robust risk management 
framework,  aligned  with  our  strategic  priorities  for  FY  2025.  These  
priorities  were  designed  and  well  executed  to  ensure  sustainable  
growth,  operational  efficiency,  and  a  risk-aware  culture  across  
the organisation.
Our strategic priorities for the fiscal year 2025-26 include:
 •Sustainable Enterprise-wide Risk Management Practices
 •Secure   &   Robust   Internal   Controls   along   with   Cost   
Optimisation Efforts
 •Focus on Capability Building at All Levels
 •Driving the Culture of Ownership and Accountability
 •Securing Information, Data, and Brand Reputation
 •Enterprise-wide Risk-Based Supervision
These strategic priorities reflect our commitment to excellence in risk 
management and our dedication to creating a secure and sustainable 
future for Star Health.
RISK MANAGEMENT
At Star Health, risk management is not seen as a standalone function, 
but an integral component of the organisation’s activities and overall 
decision-making  process.  Our  risk  management  culture  is  deeply  
ingrained  in  our  strategy  and  company  structure.  Identification,  
assessment,  and  mitigation  of  risks,  as  well  as  creating  strategies  
and actions to manage those risks, are all part of the Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) Framework.
Star  Health’s  risk  management  framework  efficiently  creates  and  
executes  strategies,  policies,  processes,  and  controls  to  manage  
all  material  and  strategic  risks.  This  framework  comprises  systems,  
structures, policies, processes, applications, and employees, providing 
management  with  the  utmost  trust  that  each  risk  is  being  handled  
effectively and diligently.
18
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Upholding Ethical Standards – Our Moral Compass
Adherence  to  the  Code  of  Conduct  &  Ethics  (COCE)  is  an  integral  
part of Star Health and is considered a key performance indicator for 
evaluating  employees’  performance  during  the  appraisal  cycle.  This  
ensures that ethical conduct is maintained as a core component of 
our organisational culture and operational excellence.
Promoting    Unwavering    Independence    of    Risk    
Management at Star Health
We have a steadfast commitment to the integrity and independence 
of our risk management function. At Star Health, the risk management 
team  operates  in  strong  collaboration  with  all  functions  while  
maintaining  complete  structural  independence.  This  dedication  
is  reflected  in  our  robust  and  credible  reporting  arrangements,  
meticulously  designed  to  ensure  that  the  risk  management  
framework operates independently and impartially, safeguarding the 
best interests of the organisation and stakeholders.
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM) FRAMEWORK
Star  Health  is  committed  to  maintaining  a  robust  Enterprise  
Risk  Management  Framework  (ERMF)  for  effective  identification,  
assessment,  management,  and  monitoring  of  risks  across  the  
organisation.  This  framework  is  integral  to  achieving  our  strategic  
objectives and safeguarding the interests of stakeholders. Our ERMF 
aligns with best practices and regulatory requirements, adapting to 
the evolving risk landscape and market conditions.
INTEGRATED RISK GOVERNANCE
Our  risk  governance  framework  is  structured  to  support  risk-based  
decision-making  and  ensure  effective  oversight.  It  comprises  three  
lines of defence:
First Line of Defence - Risk Taking and Management
Second Line of Defence - Risk Control and Oversight
Third Line of Defence - Independent Assurance
Cognizance  of  Risk:  Comprehensive  Evaluation  and  
Auditing of Our Risk Management Framework
Key  components  of  our  risk  management  processes  have  also  
been audited under the scope of ISO 27001, ISO 22301 & ISO 9001. 
These  audits  are  conducted  by  either  qualified  internal  auditors  
or  experienced  third-party  certification  auditors,  adhering  to  best  
practice guidelines for management systems.
Through   these   rigorous   evaluations,   we   ensure   that   our   
risk  management  practices  remain  robust  and  aligned  with  
industry standards.
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT
Board  Governance  and  Oversight:  The  Board  of  Directors  at  
Star  Health  plays  a  pivotal  role  in  overseeing  the  risk  management  
framework.  The  Board  ensures  that  risk  management  practices  are  
integrated  into  the  strategic  decision-making  process,  setting  the  
risk  appetite  and  ensuring  clear  alignment  between  risk  appetite  
and  business  objectives.  The  Board  Risk  Management  Committee  
(B-RMC), a sub-committee of the Board, is responsible for monitoring 
the  effectiveness  of  risk  management  processes  and  internal  
control systems.
Supporting  Committees:  Specialised  committees  such  as  the,  
Outsourcing  Committee  (OC)  and  the  Product  Management  
Committee  (PMC)  focus  on  specific  risk  areas,  providing  detailed  
oversight and management of these risks.
Review of Risk Exposure
By  fostering  an  environment  where  risk  is  actively  identified  and  
proactively managed, Star Health remains agile and well-prepared to 
navigate the complexities of the business landscape.
ENSURING    UNINTERRUPTED    OPERATIONS:    OUR    
BUSINESS CONTINUITY BLUEPRINT
Business Continuity Management (BCM) is a crucial component of 
enterprise risk management at Star Health. BCM ensures the continuity 
of critical business operations in the face of unexpected disruptions.
Importance of BCM in a Digital Era: With the ongoing shift towards 
digitisation, maintaining constant access to networks, IT systems, and 
data has become paramount. Effective BCM addresses risks through 
comprehensive  contingency  planning,  ensuring  uninterrupted  
business operations.
Robust  BCM  Framework:  Star  Health  has  implemented  a  robust  
system  of  policies,  procedures,  and  controls  to  manage  business  
continuity  risks.  Our  BCM  framework  is  ISO  22301:2019  certified,  
demonstrating  our  commitment  to  maintaining  resilience  and  
preparedness in the face of potential disruptions.
Threat Assessment: Star  Health  has  identified  a  range  of  potential  
threats  to  business  continuity,  including  natural  disasters,  cyber-
attacks,  power  outages,  supply  chain  disruptions,  and  pandemics.  
Identification, detection, and protection of digital assets are integral 
to our information security management.
Contingency  Plans:  In  the  event  of  a  disruption,  Star  Health  has  
several contingency plans in place to ensure the continuity of critical 
business functions. These plans include:
 •Alternate communication methods
 •Backup power sources
 •Offsite data storage
 •Alternate supply chain arrangements
We  test  these  plans  regularly,  based  on  the  severity  of  potential  
disruptions,  to  ensure  their  effectiveness  and  identify  areas  
for improvement.
Communication  Strategy:  Star  Health  has  established  clear  
communication  protocols  within  the  company  and  external  
stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, and regulators.
Continuous  Improvement:  We  regularly  monitor  and  measure  
our BCM programme, conduct periodic disclosures in management 
reviews,  and  engage  in  internal  and  external  audits  to  ensure  
adherence to ISO 22301 standards.
Certification and Compliance: Star Health's BCM framework is ISO 
22301:2019  certified,  reflecting  our  dedication  to  maintaining  the  
highest standards of business continuity management.
Annual Report 2024-25
19
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

CYBER  RESILIENCE:  EXPANDING  THE  HORIZONS  OF  
SECURITY BEYOND TRADITIONAL RISKS
In  today's  digital  landscape,  Star  Health  prioritises  information  
and  cyber  security  as  key  components  of  its  enterprise-wide  risk  
management strategy. Our approach goes beyond traditional risk 
management,  ensuring  robust  security  measures  that  adapt  to  
evolving threats and regulatory requirements.
Information Security and Cyber Security Policy: Our Information 
Security  and  Cyber  Security  Policy  outlines  the  framework  
for  safeguarding  all  information  assets.  The  policy  is  regularly  
updated  to  reflect  changes  in  the  regulatory  environment  and  
emerging threats.
Zero Tolerance for Privacy Issues: Star Health’s Privacy Policy is 
comprehensive,  covering  all  aspects  of  our  operations,  including  
interactions  with  suppliers  and  stakeholders.  This  policy  extends  
beyond our organisation to ensure protection of critical data.
Star  Health  is  unwavering  in  its  commitment  to  safeguarding  
privacy.  Maintaining  privacy  and  trust  is  paramount  to  us,  
and  we  strive  to  uphold  the  highest  standards.  Our  vigilant  
teams  are  ready  to  address  any  privacy  concerns  or  enquiries, 
For  privacy-related  queries  or  issues,  please  contact  us  at   
support@starhealth.in.
Customer Privacy Information: Protecting our customers' privacy 
is a top priority. We ensure transparency in our data practices by 
informing  customers  about  data  collection,  usage,  sharing,  and  
security measures.
Cyber Jaagrookta Diwas (CJD): To foster a culture of cybersecurity 
awareness, Star Health observes Cyber Jaagrookta Diwas on the first 
Wednesday of every month. This initiative involves a series of activities 
designed to educate employees about preventing cybercrimes and 
promoting best practices in information security.
Threat  Assessment:  Our  proactive  threat  assessment  programme  
involves   continuous   monitoring   and   analysis   of   potential   
cyber threats.
Information   Security   Risk   Management   Committee:   The 
Information  Security  Risk  Management  Committee,  oversees  the  
implementation of security measures and ensures adherence to our 
policies. This committee meets regularly to review security incidents, 
assess risks, and guide strategic decisions.
Data  Governance  Framework:  Star  Health's  data  governance  
framework  ensures  the  integrity,  confidentiality,  and  availability  
of  data.  This  framework  includes  policies  and  procedures  for  data  
classification, access control, and data lifecycle management.
Continuous Improvement and Employee Training: Regular emails 
and  periodic  interactions  with  employees  are  undertaken  to  raise  
their  awareness  and  make  them  understand  the  importance  of  
cybersecurity in the digital landscape.
ISO  27001:2013  Certification:  Star  Health  has  achieved  ISO  
27001:2013  certification,  demonstrating  our  commitment  to  
maintaining high standards in information security management. This 
internationally  recognised  standard  specifies  the  requirements  for  
establishing, implementing, maintaining, and continually improving 
an information security management system (ISMS). This certification 
reflects our dedication to protecting sensitive information through 
comprehensive policies, procedures, and controls.
20
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Governance:
Engagement of our board of directors and executive management 
in the information security and cybersecurity strategy is paramount.
The  Board  Risk  Management  Committee  (B-RMC)  takes  a  keen  
interest in our information security and cybersecurity strategies and 
review processes. Regular updates and comprehensive reports are 
presented to the board, highlighting the current threat landscape, 
risk assessments, and the effectiveness of our security protocols.
The  board  of  directors  and  executive  management  are  actively  
involved  in  the  development  and  approval  of  our  Information  
Security and Cybersecurity Policies. They also regularly review the 
outcomes  of  our  cybersecurity  initiatives  and  provide  strategic  
guidance  to  ensure  continuous  improvement.  Their  feedback  is  
invaluable  in  refining  our  security  strategies,  enhancing  our  risk  
management  practices,  and  ensuring  that  we  remain  resilient  
against evolving cyber threats.
Ensuring Effective Implementation of Our Privacy Policy: We 
ensure the effective implementation of our privacy policy through 
regular  third-party  audit  and  IT  General  Controls  (ITGC)  audits.  
Additionally,  we  conduct  continuous  internal  reviews,  provide  
comprehensive employee training, and maintain a robust incident 
response plan.
STRENGTHENING  RISK  MANAGEMENT  THROUGH  
POLICY-DRIVEN CULTURE
Our  policies  are  designed  not  only  to  comply  with  regulatory  
requirements but also to engage our employees actively in fostering 
a risk-aware culture. Through continuous education, engagement 
initiatives, and a structured feedback process, we ensure that every 
member of the organisation understands and embraces our risk 
management principles. These policies are meticulously upgraded 
to  ensure  integrity,  transparency,  and  accountability  across  all  
operations,  fostering  a  culture  of  excellence  and  compliance.   
Here are the key corporate policies:
 •Code of Conduct and Ethics
 •Conflict of Interest Policy
 •Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy
 •ESG Policy
 •Workplace Anti-Harassment Policy
 •Social Media Policy
 •Occupational Health & Safety Policy
 •Gift, Meals & Entertainment (GME) Policy
 •Mental Health and Well-being Policy
 •Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Vendors
 •Whistle Blower Policy
 •Policy on Insider Trading
 •Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy
 •Anti-Money  Laundering  /  Counter  Financing  Terrorism   
(AML / CFT ) Policy
 •Star Health Tax Policy
 •Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Annual Report 2024-25
21
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Our  engaging  corporate  policies  are  pivotal  in  supporting  our  
mission of providing excellent healthcare services while maintaining 
the highest standards of risk management. By fostering a culture of 
compliance, transparency, and continuous improvement, Star Health 
remains resilient and prepared to meet future challenges.
RISK360°: NURTURING A RISK-INTELLIGENT CULTURE
“Risk awareness isn't just about identifying dangers; it's about 
recognising the potential for growth and innovation."
At Star Health, fostering a robust risk management culture is central to 
our strategic priorities. Our initiative, Risk360°, is designed to cultivate 
a  pervasive  risk  management  ethos  throughout  the  organisation,  
empowering  every  employee  to  understand  and  manage  risks  
effectively.  This  comprehensive  approach  ensures  that  all  team  
members, regardless of their roles, are equipped with the knowledge 
and skills to implement mitigating controls against both foreseen and 
unforeseen risks.
Capability-Building Programmes
Our ongoing capability-building programmes extend across all levels 
of  the  workforce,  ensuring  that  every  employee  comprehends  the  
intricacies of risk management. These programmes include:
 •Comprehensive Training Sessions
 •Interactive Digital Modules
 •Informative Email Communications
 •Quizzes and Digital Platforms 
 •Innovative Initiatives
 •To  enhance  our  risk-aware  culture,  we  have  introduced  several  
innovative initiatives:
 •Risk Management Induction Programme
 •Leadership Induction Training (Ace to Ace)
 •Risk Communication Series
 •Information Security Awareness
 •Cyber Jaagrooktaa Diwas
 •Business Continuity and Crisis Management
 •Senior Management Training
 •Code of Conduct & Ethics Campaign 
22
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Speak Up Culture
To  reinforce  our  commitment  to  risk  management,  we  have  
established  a  dedicated  helpdesk  and  a  robust  whistle-blower  
mechanism.  These  platforms  encourage  employees  to  report  
potential  risk  incidents,  enhancing  our  overall  risk  management  
and monitoring practices.
Continuous Improvement and Incentives
We regularly gauge the effectiveness of our programmes through 
structured  feedback  processes  involving  employees  and  other  
stakeholders.   During   awareness   campaigns,   we   introduce   
incentives  such  as  cash  gift  vouchers  to  engage  employees  in  
suggesting  best  practices,  identifying  risks,  and  participating  in  
learning modules and quizzes.
Our resolute dedication to cultivating a culture of risk management 
readiness stands as a commitment to excellence and safeguarding 
the future of our organisation and all those it serves.
STRATEGIC  PRIORITISATION:  SAFEGUARDING  OUR  
FUTURE
We  believe  in  an  action-oriented  approach  to  identifying  and  
assessing  business  risks.  Comprehensive  discussions  with  our  
internal stakeholders drive the risk prioritisation process, resulting 
in a holistic view of potential threats.
In addition to these collaborative efforts, we assess risks based on 
two critical factors: likelihood and potential impact. This approach 
ensures  optimal  allocation  of  resources  and  attention  to  the  
most  significant  risks  that  may  affect  the  Company's  interests.  
We  systematically  identify,  prioritise,  and  address  risks  with  the  
ultimate  goal  of  achieving  resilience  in  a  constantly  evolving  
business landscape.
This method not only safeguards our position but also underscores 
our  commitment  to  long-term  sustainability,  shareholder  value,  
and client security and trust.
EXTERNAL AUDIT OF RISK MANAGEMENT
Star Health proactively pursues ISO 22301, ISO 27001 & ISO 9001 
certifications,  which  necessitate  rigorous  external  audits.  The  ISO  
22301  certification  ensures  the  presence  of  a  robust  business  
continuity  management  system,  verified  through  systematic  
audits  to  assess  the  company’s  readiness  to  maintain  essential  
operations during disruptions. Similarly, the ISO 27001 certification 
underscores  Star  Health's  commitment  to  information  security,  
validated  through  comprehensive  external  audits  that  evaluate  
adherence  to  stringent  data  protection  standards.  ISO  9001  
certifications  underlines  our  commitment  to  quality  standards  
and reflects our robust processes in compliance with the globally 
accepted  principles.  These  certifications  not  only  signify  Star  
Health's  dedication  to  top-tier  risk  management  but  also  reflect  
our willingness to undergo external scrutiny, ultimately enhancing 
trust and confidence among key stakeholders.
Business Excellence – ISO 9001 Certification
We  are  proud  to  announce  that  in  FY  2025,  Risk  Management’s  
Business  Excellence  team  has  successfully  led  the  enterprise-wide  
readiness  and  transformation  journey  to  align  with  ISO  9001:2015  
standards, reaffirming our commitment to world-class quality systems 
and customer-centricity. The initiative was a strategic transformation 
that reached across the entire enterprise.
A   cornerstone   of   this   achievement   was   the   design   and   
institutionalisation  of  the  Quality  Management  System  (QMS)  by  
the  our  Business  Excellence  Team.  We  partnered  in  forming  the  
QMS structure, defining roles, and driving governance. In-house, we 
authored the Quality Policy and Quality Manual to reflect Star Health’s 
values, service ethos, and commitment to continuous improvement. 
Alongside this, standard operating procedures were redesigned and 
documented  across  all  key  areas,  while  risk  registers,  monitoring  
controls,  and  KPI  frameworks  were  introduced  to  build  a  culture  of  
preventive quality and informed decision-making.
We can now proudly say that at Star Health – 
“Quality is now a systemic attribute, not an 
aspirational goal.”
Annual Report 2024-25
23
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

ENSURING HEALTH AND SAFETY AT STAR HEALTH
Health  and  well-being  of  our  employees  is  a  top  priority.  Our  
Occupational  Health  and  Safety  (OHS)  Management  System  is  
designed to provide a safe, healthy, and supportive work environment, 
ensuring that all employees can carry out their responsibilities without 
exposure to health or safety risks. This approach to workplace safety is 
an integral part of our operational excellence framework.
Our  OHS  Policy  reflects  our  commitment  to  preventing  workplace  
injuries and illnesses while fostering a culture of care and accountability. 
The  policy  is  implemented  through  clearly  defined  procedures,  risk  
assessments, and regular safety audits.
The key objectives of our OHS Policy include:
 •Ensuring  full  compliance  with  applicable  health  and  safety  laws  
and regulatory standards
 •Identifying, assessing, and mitigating potential workplace hazards
 •Promoting a proactive culture of safety, well-being, and personal 
responsibility among employees
 •Delivering continuous training and education on health and safety 
best practices
 •Driving  ongoing  improvement  of  our  OHS  system  through  
periodic reviews and enhancements
Occupational  Health  &  Safety  Management  System  
(OHSMS)
The  Occupational  Health  &  Safety  Management  System  (OHSMS)  is  
implemented  across  all  facilities.  The  Board-approved  safety  policy  
exhibits  the  organisation’s  commitment  to  safety  and  well-being  
of  employees.  Roles  and  responsibilities  are  clearly  defined  for  the  
management  of  health  and  safety.  Occupational  Health  and  Safety  
risks  are  proactively  identified,  evaluated,  and  control  measures  are  
implemented  through  a  robust  risk  management  programme  that  
undergoes periodic improvement.
Risk Assessment and Management
A  critical  component  of  our  OHS  Management  System  is  the  
systematic assessment and management of risks. We conduct regular 
risk assessments to identify potential hazards and implement control 
measures to mitigate these risks. This proactive approach includes:
 •Hazard Identification: Regular inspections and audits to identify 
potential hazards in the workplace.
 •Risk   Analysis:   Evaluating   the   likelihood   and   impact   of   
identified hazards.
 •Control Measures: Implementing appropriate control measures 
to  mitigate  identified  risks,  including  engineering  controls,  
administrative controls, and personal protective equipment (PPE).
 •Continuous  Monitoring  and  Review:  Continuous  monitoring  
of   the   effectiveness   of   control   measures   and   making   
necessary adjustments.
24
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Employee Health and Wellness
Our  employee  health  and  wellness  programmes  are  designed  to  
promote overall well-being and include:
 •Fitness  Programmes:  Initiatives  to  encourage  physical  activity,  
such as gym and wellness challenges.
 •Mental  Health  Support:  Access  to  counselling  services  and  
mental health resources to support employee well-being.
 •Nutrition and Lifestyle: Programmes to promote healthy eating 
and lifestyle choices.
Incident Reporting and Management
We  have  a  robust  incident  reporting  and  management  system  in  
place  to  ensure  that  all  workplace  incidents  are  promptly  reported  
and effectively managed. This system includes:
 •Incident  Reporting:  Encouraging  employees  to  report  all  
incidents, including near-misses, to ensure that potential hazards 
are identified and addressed.
 •Incident  Investigation:  Thorough  investigation  of  reported  
incidents   to   determine   the   root   cause   and   implement   
corrective actions.
 •Corrective   Actions:   Implementing   measures   to   prevent   
recurrence of similar incidents.
 •Communication: Sharing  learnings  from  incidents  with  all  
employees to raise awareness and prevent future occurrences.
Training and Awareness
Continuous training and awareness is crucial to maintain a safe work 
environment.  Our  training  programmes  cover  various  aspects  of  
health and safety, including:
 •Safety  Inductions:  Comprehensive  safety  inductions  for  all  
new employees.
 •Specific Training:  Role-specific  safety  training,  such  as  manual  
handling, working at heights, and emergency response.
 •Refresher  Learning  Module:  Regular  refresher  courses  to  
ensure  that  employees  remain  updated  on  best  practices  and  
safety procedures.
 •Safety  Campaigns:  Periodic  safety  campaigns  to  reinforce  the  
importance of health and safety in the workplace.
 •Safety  Handbook:  Handbook  has  been  published  which  
acts  as  a  guide  for  all  the  employees  for  any  workplace  related  
safety incident.
Emergency Preparedness and Response
We  are  committed  to  ensuring  that  all  employees  are  prepared  to  
respond  effectively  in  the  event  of  an  emergency.  Our  emergency  
preparedness and response plans include:
 •Emergency  Procedures:  Clearly  defined  procedures  for  various  
emergency  scenarios,  including  fire,  medical  emergencies,  and  
natural disasters.
 •Emergency  Drills:  Regular  emergency  drills  to  ensure  that  
employees  are  familiar  with  emergency  procedures  and  can  
respond quickly and effectively.
 •First  Aid  Training:  Providing  first  aid  training  to  designated  
employees and ensuring that first aid kits are readily available in 
all work areas.
Annual Report 2024-25
25
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Fostering Sustainable Growth through 
Strong Underwriting 
Underwriting Excellence
Our underwriting strategy is designed to enhance long-term profitability while expanding responsible 
access to health insurance coverage:
BALANCING RISK AND REACH  
Our  focus  is  to  diversify  the  risk  pool  by  enhancing  our  
reach  in  geographies  and  products  to  ensure  effective  
portfolio management.
REDUCING THE HEALTH PROTECTION GAP
We  aim  to  bridge  the  protection  gap  by  streamlining  
underwriting, micro-segmenting risk, and expanding access 
to  underserved  populations  through  specialised  products.  
By  pricing  these  products  appropriately,  we  maintain  a  
balance between affordability for customers and the health 
of the portfolio.
CONTINUOUS REFINEMENT
Underwriting guidelines are regularly reviewed and updated 
to align with emerging medical trends, customer needs, and 
market conditions, ensuring the portfolio remains profitable 
and sustainable.
Technology is playing a critical role in 
enhancing underwriting productivity and reach:
DATA-DRIVEN RISK ASSESSMENT  
Advanced  risk  scoring  models  enable  objective,  real-time  
assessment  of  proposals,  supporting  faster  and  more  
accurate decisions.
REFLEX AUTOMATION
Smart reflex question generation based on health disclosures 
at  the  proposal  stage  ensures  focussed  underwriting  while  
reducing manual efforts and accelerating issuance. 
TARGETED INCLUSION
By leveraging analytics, we are extending coverage for existing 
lives in our new products.
26
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Over the years, we have built a diversified investment portfolio 
across multiple asset classes, including Government Securities 
(G-Secs), State Development Loans (SDLs), Corporate Bonds, 
REITs, InvITs, Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs), and Equities.
 •Our  equity  investments  are  primarily  made  through  
Exchange-Traded  Funds  (ETFs)  or  basket  routes  to  
manage  single-security  risk.  Equity  exposure  limits  are  
defined based on Risk Appetite Testing, ensuring that the 
Company's solvency remains within acceptable thresholds. 
Currently, approximately 13.7% of the portfolio is invested 
in equities.
 •We  maintain  adequate  liquidity  in  our  portfolio  to  meet  
ongoing and contingency payout requirements. Liquidity 
needs  are  determined  based  on  historical  cash  flow  
variability, and the portfolio includes easily tradable assets 
to ensure readiness for any unforeseen requirements.
 •We  manage  risk  by  setting  exposure  limits  for  individual  
securities  and  ISINs.  Our  fixed-income  portfolio  is  closely  
monitored  for  interest  rate  risk  and  credit  risk,  using  a  
conservative  Rating  Migration  and  Probability  of  Default  
matrix to guide investment decisions.
 •We   conduct   continuous   evaluations   of   capital   
requirements to support business growth. The Company 
maintains  a  healthy  buffer  to  raise  sub-debt  if  needed,  
ensuring capital adequacy.
DIVERSIFIED PORTFOLIO TO ENHANCE RESILIENCE  
Our investment portfolio is a strategically managed, long-term 
portfolio designed to optimise returns. We take calibrated risks, 
backed by sufficient safeguards.
Over time, Star Health has progressively strengthened its fixed-
income portfolio to enhance financial resilience. This has led to 
the creation of a diversified portfolio that delivers reasonably 
predictable income, supports capital preservation, provides a 
sustainable source of liquidity, and serves as a hedge against 
liability risk.
 •80-85% of the portfolio is invested in medium to long-term 
fixed income instruments. Out of this, 76.6% is invested in 
G. Sec., T-Bills, SDLs, AAA-rated bonds & TREPs
 •We  maintain  a  moderate  portfolio  duration,  based  on  
the  liability  profile  and  available  shareholders’  capital.  Our  
current portfolio duration is approximately 3.6 years.
Investment
Strengthening Our Investment Function
5-year Investment Income 
Trend at Star Health
1,279.03
FY 25
1,084.10
FY 24
834.56
FY 23
792.82
FY 22
423.68
FY 21
                                Rs. in crores
Rs. 17 thousand crores+
Rs.
 1 thousand crores+
Total investment assets
Total investment income
Annual Report 2024-25
27
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Ensuring Access to 
Affordable Healthcare
Affordable Healthcare
We ensure delivering quality and affordable healthcare to all as part of our business strategy and to strengthen 
our value proposition. Towards this, we continue to accelerate efforts to extend access to advanced healthcare 
services to previously deprived individuals.
Our affordable healthcare services are focussed on two major pillars:
Affordable Insurance PoliciesCollaboration with Network Hospitals
28
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

AFFORDABLE HEALTH INSURANCE
We offer a range of affordable insurance policies to cater to diverse 
customer  segments  through  our  Retail  and  Group  products.  
Several  discounts,  such  as  online  discount,  long-term  discount,  
and  wellness  discount,  are  offered  to  ensure  that  the  overall  
product/ policy is affordable and accessible.
 •Under the Arogya Sanjeevani policy, we provide a discount of 
20% to customers in semi urban and rural areas.
 •Young Star Insurance Policy is specifically designed for young 
adults,  with  a  maximum  entry  age  of  40  years,  offering  
affordable premiums and coverage, including maternity cover.
 •For  senior  citizens,  the  Senior  Citizens  Red  Carpet  Health  
Insurance  Policy  offers  coverage  across  essential  healthcare  
needs. It features an age-agnostic premium structure, making 
it more affordable for the senior population.
NETWORKING WITH HOSPITALS
We  continue  to  strengthen  our  extensive  healthcare  network,  
spanning 14,500+ network hospitals across 2,122 cities pan-India. 
Our presence covers metro, urban, semi-urban, and rural regions, 
ensuring accessible, quality healthcare. In FY 2025, we significantly 
expanded our Pratham hospital network from 800 to over 1,400 
hospitals, which now accounts for around 14% of paid network 
hospital claims (cashless). 
Our focus on building strong partnerships is evident, with 93% of 
our  network  hospitals  operating  under  pre-agreed  agreements  
as  of  March  2025.  This  growing  and  well-distributed  provider  
network  enables  us  to  deliver  seamless,  high-quality  healthcare  
experiences  and  efficient  cashless  claim  settlements,  further  
reinforcing  our  commitment  to  customer-centric  service  and  
operational excellence.
 •Our  network  encompasses  a  wide  range  of  care  categories,  
including primary, secondary, tertiary and quaternary care.
 •It  spans  across  the  entire  country,  covering  metropolitan,  
urban, semi-urban and rural areas.
 •We ensure delivery of quality services through categorisation 
of hospitals into various groups, such as Pratham Hospitals, and 
Agreed Network Hospitals.
Total Network Hospitals Growth
14,5068,0738,5709,2959,96410,87112,82014,86214,2957,6376,2055,475
FY 14FY 15FY 16FY 17FY 18FY 19FY 20FY 21FY 22FY 23FY 24FY 25
Agreed Network Hospitals Growth
3,520
3,559
4,022
4,463
4,895
5,454
6,130
7,051
8,548
10,544
10,750
11,373
FY 14FY 15FY 16FY 17FY 18FY 19FY 20FY 21FY 22FY 23FY 24FY 25
Annual Report 2024-25
29
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Strengthening Brand Presence 
through Meaningful Campaigns
Branding and Marketing
At Star Health, we continue to enhance our brand visibility by aligning our communication with evolving customer 
expectations.  We  aim  to  create  an  engaging  and  trusted  brand  that  empowers  individuals  to  make  informed  
health decisions.  
In  FY  2025,  we  launched  a  series  of  impactful  initiatives  for  raising  awareness  about  health  insurance  and  
promoting  holistic  wellness.  These  campaigns  spanned  multiple  platforms  –  digital,  print,  television,  and  on-
ground activations, ensuring wide reach and resonance across diverse customer segments.
SUPER STAR CAMPAIGN
To promote our flagship product, Super Star, we conducted a powerful digital media campaign that received an exceptional response.
Key Highlights
We strategically placed the campaign across platforms, including Zomato, Swiggy, Spotify, Inshorts, and JioCinema (during the India vs 
South Africa match), ensuring strong visibility.
959+ million  350+ million  5+ million  1.5% increase  
ImpressionsViewsClicksGoogle Brand Lift 
(Purchase Intent)
30
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

THE SIMPLE HEALTH SERIES
We launched The Simple Health Series in collaboration with digital health educator Food Pharmer, demonstrating 
health choices through impactful storytelling. 
Key Highlights
Audience Reaction
15+ million
(via social media)
1.5+ million  5,000+ 
Total Reach
YouTube ViewsEngagement
Annual Report 2024-25
31
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Hindustan Times featured The Simple 
Health Series and its take on the modern 
health crisis of sedentary lifestyles. The 
coverage reflected the growing national 
interest in relatable, science-backed 
health content.
The Ministry of Health featured The Simple 
Health  Series  and  its  actionable  guide  to  
quitting smoking, from episode 4, developed 
with  one  of  India’s  leading  lung  specialists,  
Dr. Samir Garde.
The  Simple  Health  Series  was  featured  
on two CTV Mastheads:  Google TV and 
Jio TV,  dated  21  March,  marking  a  key  
achievement  in  securing  high-impact,  
premium visibility.
32
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

INFLUENCER AND CELEBRITY CAMPAIGNS
During the year, we ran targeted influencer-led campaigns showcasing renowned digital creators and public figures that amplified our 
brand visibility.
4,157+ million
Impressions
20.06+ million
Clicks
GB – UGC CAMPAIGN
With attention spans shrinking and audiences seeking authenticity, 
Star  Health  launched  a  UGC-driven  campaign  to  communicate  
the  importance  of  health  insurance  through  relatable  and  daily  
life scenarios. An industry-first, this innovative campaign featured 
20  short  videos  created  by  members  of  the  public,  bringing  
relatable  and  entertaining  perspectives  on  health  insurance  to  
drive greater awareness. 
Based  on  extensive  consumer  research,  the  campaign  was  
structured around three strategic content pillars:
 •Expect the Unexpected
 •Save Your Savings
 •USPs – Brand Strengths
ONLINE REPUTATION MANAGEMENT
In  today’s  digital-first  world,  real-time  responsiveness  and  
reputation management are imperative for maintaining customer 
trust. To this effect, we have implemented a comprehensive Online 
Reputation Management (ORM) system to monitor, manage, and 
enhance our brand perception across digital platforms.
This  framework  encompasses  proactive  social  listening,  issue  
anticipation, and swift response mechanisms, aimed at ensuring 
effective  resolution  of  customer  concerns  and  grievances.  Our  
team  is  responsible  for  managing  brand  reputation  across  key  
social media platforms.
Our ORM process is supported by a structured reporting mechanism:
Daily Reports: 
Tracks  key  performance  metrics  such  as  volume  of  cases,  types  
of queries, risk impact, response status, average turnaround time 
(TAT ), and first-time resolution (FTR) rates.
Weekly Reports
Summarises  major  issues,  recurring  concerns,  and  resolution  
timelines helping identify themes and escalation trends.
Monthly Reports
Offers  insights  into  response  performance,  case  categorisation,  
TAT, FTR metrics, and comparative trend analysis including peer 
benchmarking to highlight areas of improvement. 
Key Highlights
Annual Report 2024-25
33
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Transforming Customer Experience through 
Technology: A Year of Bold Innovation
Customer Centricity
Our  dedication  to  improving  the  service  experience  for  our  customers  guides  every  initiative.  We  prioritise  
building long-term relationships with our customers and providing exceptional service through innovation and 
operational excellence. 
Our relentless focus on customer-centric technology transformation has redefined the way policyholders engage with us across buying, renewal, 
claims, and servicing. By activating a combination of AI-powered tools, automation layers, and intuitive interfaces, we have built a future-ready 
experience designed for speed, clarity, and convenience. This year was not just about digitisation it was about intelligence, personalisation, 
and empowerment.
34
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Fresh  Buying  Experience:  Super  Star  Product  with  
Personalised Power
One of the most significant milestones of the year was the launch 
of  the  “Super  Star”  product,  a  flagship  offering  that  puts  the  
customer firmly in control. Unlike traditional, one-size-fits-all health 
insurance  plans,  Super  Star  offers  customisable  cover  options,  
enabling customers to tailor their policy based on specific health 
needs, age groups, family structure, and budget preferences.
Through our revamped app and website interface, customers can:
 •Select and deselect optional covers in real time
 •Instantly view impact on premiums
 •Understand the benefits of each rider through contextual tooltips
This modular design empowers users to make informed choices 
rather than be overwhelmed by complex jargon. It leads to higher 
customer  satisfaction,  increased  digital  conversions,  and  better  
product awareness at the point of sale.
Renewals Reimagined: Automation Meets Simplicity
We  continue  to  lead  in  automated  renewals,  and  during  the  
year,  we  scaled  our  Bot-Based  Renewal  Engine  to  handle  high  
volumes  seamlessly.  This  engine  proactively  nudges  customers  
nearing renewal through intelligent, multi-channel reminders via 
WhatsApp,  SMS,  IVR,  and  app  notifications  offering  a  frictionless  
path to continue their coverage.
A  major  innovation  was  the  launch  of  our  One-Touch  Renewal  
Flow on the customer app:
 •Customers now receive a pre-filled renewal proposal based on 
past policy details
 •Payment can be made in less than 30 seconds
 •Policy   gets   renewed   and   delivered   instantly   with   
e-card activation
This experience has witnessed a significant uptick in app renewals 
and  improved  persistency,  especially  among  digitally  active  
urban users.
Claims Experience: From Manual to Enhancing Claims 
Experience
Health insurance claims are the real moment of truth and this year, 
we made sure that moment became smoother and smarter.
Real-Time Claim Status Updates
We  launched  an  instant  claim  status  widget  on  our  website,  
enabling  customers  to  track  their  claim  progress  live  without  
follow-ups  or  confusion.  Simultaneously,  we  introduced  instant  
push  notifications  to  agents  whenever  a  customer  initiates  or  
updates a claim. This keeps all stakeholders aligned and improves 
service resolution time.
AI-Powered Claims Adjudication
To  tackle  delays  caused  by  document  mismatches  and  manual  
verification,  we  introduced  a  cutting-edge  AI  automation  
engine that:
 •Uses   OCR   (Optical   Character   Recognition)   to   read   
uploaded documents
 •Cross-verifies submitted bills and discharge summaries with the 
policy contract
 •Flags mismatches and approves straightforward cases instantly
This  system  has  significantly  reduced  turnaround  time  (TAT ),  
minimised  human  error,  and  enhanced  speed  and  trust  in  
claims processing.
Service at the Ensuring Seamless Service
Customer  service  underwent  a  major  leap  forward  with  the  
introduction of in-app service ticketing. With just a few taps, users 
can now:
 •Raise  service  requests  across  a  wide  array  of  needs  (name  
correction, address update, card reissue, etc.)
 •View live ticket status and expected resolution time
 •Chat  directly  with  our  support  team  or  request  a  callback  via  
the app
This  system  has  replaced  cumbersome  email  trails  and  call  wait  
times  with  a  real-time,  transparent,  and  mobile-first  experience,  
reducing  ticket  resolution  time  and  improving  the  average  call  
answering and email closure to 98% and 86%, respectively.
The Road Ahead: Smart. Simple. Scalable.
Every enhancement this year has been guided by a simple belief: 
the customer journey must be intelligent, intuitive, and inspiring. 
Whether  it’s  AI  speeding  up  claims,  bots  handling  renewals,  or  
custom covers enhancing product value, our tech stack is now an 
engine of delight.
As  we  step  into  the  future,  our  roadmap  includes  even  deeper  
personalisation,  AI-driven  health  engagement,  and  multilingual  
voice-assisted  insurance  journeys.  The  destination  is  clear:  a  
world  where  health  insurance  is  not  just  a  transaction,  but  a  
trusted partnership.
PREVENTION AND WELLNESS INITIATIVES
Home Healthcare Services
We  have  significantly  expanded  our  home  healthcare  services,  
now available in 156 cities across India. This initiative covers 85% 
of the insurer's customer base, offering cashless doorstep medical 
care services. More than 15,000 patients have benefited from this 
programme, which ensures continuity of care in the comfort and 
safety of their homes.
KEY INITIATIVES IN FY 2025
Annual Report 2024-25
35
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Telemedicine
Our  telemedicine  platform  ensures  24x7  access  to  quality  medical  
consultations. In FY 2025, teleconsultation usage grew by 45% to 1 
lakh consultations. This feature is seamlessly integrated into the Star 
Health App and is available in 9+ languages.
Preventive Health Checks (PHC)
Our offerings in Preventive Health Checks grew by 156% in FY 2025, 
with  over  1.6  lakh  check-ups  in  2024.  Our  cashless  PHC  services  
grew  threefold,  and  we  added  more  labs  and  organised  camps  for  
wider access.
Condition Management Programme (CMP)  
We  launched  the  Condition  Management  Programme  to  help  
manage  chronic  illnesses  with  personalised  care.  This  programme  
has gained significant traction during the year.
Star Health App
The Star Health app has emerged as a key enabler of our digital-first 
approach. It facilitates not only policy access and claims but also serves 
as  a  platform  for  wellness  and  telehealth  services  through  cutting-
edge features. In FY 2025, the app witnessed 1 crore downloads. 
INTEGRATING WELLNESS AND HEALTH POLICIES 
We  prioritise  the  well-being  of  our  customers  through  our  
comprehensive  health  and  wellness  programme,  which  is  built  on  
four  key  pillars:  Mind,  Food,  Sleep,  and  Emotional  Balance.  Among  
these, Food and Sleep are the cornerstone pillars. More than 1.5 lakh 
customers  have  enrolled  in  our  wellness  programmes,  with  nine  
targeted modules for chronic disease management and HER Health 
for women’s wellness.
We have seamlessly integrated our health policies with our wellness 
app  to  encourage  a  holistic  approach  to  health.  Upon  enrolment,  
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
36

customers are invited to embark on their wellness journey. For 
those already on this path, we encourage them to enhance and 
sustain their efforts.
Incentives and Rewards
To  motivate  our  customers,  we  offer  a  points-based  reward  
system.   Points   are   awarded   for   various   health-related   
activities, including:
 •Submitting health check-up reports
 •Participating in gym fitness assessments
 •Subscribing to health clubs
Enhanced Engagement
Our improved programme offers additional points for proactive 
health  management.  These  points  can  be  compared  with  a  
discount table and converted into discounts on policy renewals, 
providing tangible benefits for maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
This  integrated  approach  demonstrates  our  commitment  to  caring  for  
our  customers’  health  and  well-being.  By  connecting  our  policies  with  
wellness initiatives, we ensure that our customers receive comprehensive 
support and encouragement to lead healthier lives.
MIND HEALTH PROGRAMME
Recognising the rapidly growing need to address mental health crisis, Star 
Health launched the pioneering Mind Health Programme in partnership 
with  Securra  Health.  This  initiative  empowers  individuals  to  manage  
stress,  anxiety,  panic  attacks,  obsessive-compulsive  disorder  (OCD),  and  
eating  disorders.  The  programme  offers  expert  coaching,  personalised  
counselling,  and  community  support,  delivered  securely  via  the  Star  
Health App.
The programme follows a four-pronged structure:
 •Stress and Anxiety: Onboarding calls and coping techniques to build 
early confidence.
 •Panic  Attacks:  Personalised  response  plans  with  midweek  check-ins  
and guidance.
 •Understanding OCD: Educational content, expert coaching, and self-
help tools.
 •Eating  Disorders:  Guidance  on  identification,  support  strategies,  and  
recovery pathways.
Participants undergo pre- and post-programme assessments to track their 
progress,  improve  mental  health  literacy,  and  build  resilience  through  
features  like  WhatsApp  and  Zoom  support,  weekly  videos,  and  private  
counselling.  The  Mind  Health  Programme  represents  a  step  forward  in  
breaking the stigma around mental health and encouraging more people 
to seek timely support. 
"At Star Health, we believe that mental health is not just about managing 
symptoms. It is about reclaiming control, hope and joy in our lives. The 
challenges of stress, anxiety, and other mental health issues have grown 
exponentially,  affecting  people  of  all  ages.  Through  our  Mind  Health  
Programme,  we  aim  to  provide  individuals  with  not  just  the  tools  and  
knowledge to cope, but the confidence to embrace life fully. 
Star Health Insurance believes that by prioritising mental health, we are 
investing  in  the  foundation  of  a  stronger,  healthier,  and  more  resilient  
society.  Together,  we  can  change  the  narrative  around  mental  health    
empowering  individuals  to  seek  support,  reduce  the  stigma,  and  
ultimately lead more fulfilling lives."
HIGHLIGHTS OF FY 2025
Improvement in Net Promoter Score (NPS)
Our customer NPS has improved significantly in FY 2025. Our fresh NPS 
increased  from  61.2%  to  71.9%,  renewal  NPS  from  25.8%  to  45.8%,  and  
claims NPS from 47% to 55%.
Annual Report 2024-25
37
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

BEST-IN-CLASS CLAIMS MANAGEMENT
We acknowledge that the most critical moment in a customer’s 
journey is when they turn to us with a claim. It is in this moment 
of  need  that  our  promise  of  protection  is  truly  tested.  During  
the  year,  we  undertook  several  initiatives  to  enhance  customer  
experience and deliver seamless claims service:
 •We strengthened our digital claims infrastructure by digitising 
cashless claim records and standardising tariffs for the top 500 
hospitals across India for quicker turnaround during discharge. 
Our  automation  of  the  pre-authorisation  process  now  
addresses 34% of cashless requests, enabling swift approvals.
 •To bring standardisation in claims processing, we implemented 
Standard  Operating  Procedures  across  the  claims  function.  
Training  and  upskilling  of  claims  adjudicators  were  also  
prioritised to minimise errors and ensure efficient processing.
 •Improving  communication  with  customers  was  another  key  
focus  area.  We  introduced  real-time  alerts  to  policyholders  
for  every  claim-related  update  to  enhance  transparency  
and  reduce  the  risk  of  fraud.  Customers  are  also  informed  
if  a  claim  is  raised  at  an  Excluded  Provider,  and  quarterly  
updates on excluded hospitals are shared to help them make 
informed choices.
 •We  constituted  a  Claims  Review  Committee  to  oversee  all  
claim  rejections  in  line  with  regulatory  requirements  and  
ensure better governance.
1 crore+
Claims settled since inception
Rs. 52 thousand crores+
Claim amount paid since inception 
Rs. 10 thousand crores+
Claim amount paid in FY 2025
96%
Claims settled in less than three hours 
70%
Claims ratio
19 lakhs+
Claims settled in FY 2025
38
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
39

Scaling Technological 
Excellence
Technology Excellence
In the dynamic landscape of health insurance, digitisation and technology have become crucial pillars of sustained 
growth  and  progress.  Our  continued  investments  in  digital  platforms  and  solutions  are  aimed  at  enhancing  
process efficiencies, simplifying customer journeys, and maximising growth and expansion.  
During FY 2025, we accelerated our digital innovation journey, delivering solutions that empower customers, agents, and corporate clients alike. 
From launching a flagship digital-first product to reimagining our portals and introducing frictionless payment systems, our technology-first 
approach continues to enhance transparency, engagement, and operational efficiency across all channels.
40
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

LAUNCH OF SUPER STAR: PERSONALISED, DIGITAL-
FIRST HEALTH INSURANCE
Launched in September, this modular product offers 20+ optional 
covers, enabling customers to build their own need-based health 
insurance  plan  through  a  seamless  digital  purchase  journey.  
We  introduced  Super  Star  as  a  truly  customer-centric  offering,  
allowing buyers to choose from a wide range of optional covers to 
match their personal healthcare needs. The fully digital purchase 
flow  ensures  faster  onboarding,  improved  clarity  on  coverage,  
and  the  flexibility  to  tailor  benefits  in  real  time.  This  launch  has  
set a new benchmark in modular insurance products in the retail 
health segment.
CUSTOMER APP: OUR KEY ENABLER
In FY 2025, our customer app garnered strong traction, with total 
downloads reaching 1 crore, up from 57 lakhs in the previous fiscal. 
The   Star   Health   customer   app   is   designed   to   provide   
comprehensive  access  to  policy  details  and  various  health  and  
wellness features for its policyholders. It aims to offer a seamless 
and convenient experience for managing health insurance. 
Some of the key features of the Star Health App include:
Policy Management:
 •Policy details and documents: Users can easily access their 
policy  copies,  Health  ID  Cards,  80D  certificates,  and  other  
important documents with a single tap.
 •Claims  management:  The  app  facilitates  easy  intimation  of  
claims  and  allows  users  to  track  the  status  of  their  claims  in  
real-time.
 •Policy  renewal:  Users  can  effortlessly  renew  their  policies  
online, ensuring uninterrupted coverage.
 •Know  your  Policy:  The  app  provides  a  platform  to  explore  
and purchase various Star Health insurance plans, along with 
details of required documents.
Health & Wellness Features:
 •Face scan: This innovative feature allows users to conduct a 
quick  health  assessment  using  their  smartphones,  providing  
insights into stress levels, blood pressure, and respiration rate 
in minutes.
 •Telemedicine:  Users  can  connect  with  expert  doctors  via  
video call or chat for consultations, prescriptions, and medical 
advice, and also schedule appointments at their convenience.
 •Health  Risk  Assessment  (HRA):  By  answering  a  few  simple  
questions about health and lifestyle, users can evaluate their 
health risks and receive personalised health insights on areas 
like BMI, sleep patterns, and mental well-being.
 •Health and Wellness blogs: The app offers informative blogs 
written by health professionals, providing insights and tips for 
a healthier lifestyle.
 •Wellness Activities & Reward Points: Users can participate in 
various wellness activities (like step-tracking and marathons) 
and  health  condition  management  programmes  to  earn  
reward points. These points can be redeemed as discounts at 
the time of policy renewal.
 •ABHA Integration: The app allows integration with Ayushman 
Bharat Health Account (ABHA) to manage health records and 
securely share medical history.
 •Preventive  Health  Check-ups:  Users  can  schedule  regular  
check-ups, receive reminders, and access their health reports 
directly through the app.
Convenience & Support:
 •Network Hospital Search: The app helps users locate nearby 
network and non-network hospitals and labs, ensuring quick 
access to healthcare facilities.
 •Value-Added  Services:  Offers  discounts  on  pharmacy,  
diagnostics, and consultations.
 •24/7  Support:  Provides  access  to  customer  support  via  call,  
WhatsApp, and email.
HIGHLIGHTS OF FY 2025
9.9 million+ 
400K+ 
4.4
1 
million+ 
4.6
App Downloads
Face Scans
PlayStore Rating
Monthly Active Users
App Store Rating
Annual Report 2024-25
41
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

KEY DIGITAL INNOVATIONS OF THE YEAR
 •Group Medical Coverage (GMC) Portal: Transparency and 
Self Service for Group Business: This portal provides end-to-
end digital servicing for group business, enabling transparency, 
control,  and  self-service  for  both  employers  and  employees  
while significantly reducing turnaround times and improving 
satisfaction scores.
  The Employer Portal, built with an intuitive new UX/UI, offers 
comprehensive tools such as real-time member edits through 
the Member Manager, direct e-card sharing, a claims dashboard, 
claim intimation, real-time endorsements, CD balance tracking, 
and instant access to policy documents. The Employee Portal 
delivers  an  engagement-driven  experience,  allowing  group  
policy  members  to  easily  view  policy  details,  claims  history,  
network  hospitals,  notifications,  and  dependent  enrolments.  
Its  responsive  design  ensures  seamless  accessibility  across  
devices, enhancing usability for a diverse workforce.
 •Insights & Rewards Programme for Agents: To support our 
agent  network,  we  launched  a  real-time  dashboard  offering  
business  performance  metrics  and  personalised  nudges  to  
drive  upsell  and  renewal  opportunities.  Our  digital  Loyalty  
Reward Programme recognises and celebrates top performers. 
Additionally, StarTrax equips internal sales teams with advanced 
tools  to  track  performance,  monitor  conversions,  and  drive  
improvements.  Together,  these  initiatives  strengthen  agent  
engagement and business growth.
 •UPI-Based EMI Mandate: Frictionless Premium Payments: Our 
newly  launched  UPI-based  EMI  Mandate  offers  customers  a  
seamless way to set up recurring premium payments through 
UPI,  eliminating  the  need  for  manual  payment  tracking.  This  
feature enhances payment success rates, particularly for EMI-
based  policies,  and  helps  prevent  policy  lapses  by  ensuring  
uninterrupted coverage.
 •Cloud-Native   Stack   for   Partnerships:   Cloud-native   
microservices  architecture  for  our  Partnership  business  
including  brokers,  corporate  agents,  and  web  aggregators,  
drives  customer  experience  and  business  agility.  This  
architecture, built on modern technologies like microservices 
and containers, facilitates seamless and secure data exchange 
with partners. It enables rapid development and deployment 
of  new  features,  ensuring  efficient  collaboration  and  quick  
adaptation to evolving market needs. This robust foundation 
supports  a  wide  array  of  digital  partnerships,  enhancing  
customer reach and service delivery.
 •Customer Profile System (CPS): Our Customer Profile System 
is meticulously designed to elevate the customer experience. 
By  consolidating  every  touchpoint,  from  policy  details  to  past  
interactions, it creates a complete view of each individual, allowing 
for highly personalised service. This enables our teams to anticipate 
needs, offer relevant solutions, and provide swift, informed support 
at  every  stage.  This  system  ensures  a  seamless  and  consistent  
journey for every Star Health policyholder on Digital platforms.
 •Decision Management System (DeMS): Decision Management 
System (DeMS) is a crucial platform that automates and optimises 
complex business decisions across various operations. It leverages 
sophisticated  rule  engines  and  analytics  to  streamline  processes  
like  underwriting,  claims  adjudication,  and  fraud  detection.  This  
system  ensures  consistent,  rapid,  and  data-driven  decisions,  
enhancing  operational  efficiency  and  improving  the  speed  of  
service  for  policyholders.  It  supports  key  initiatives  like  product  
migration   during   renewals,   cohort-based   re-pricing   and   
sourcing configurator.
 •Claims  Automation:  Star  Health  utilises  AI-based  claims  
automation  to  revolutionise  its  claims  processing.  This  system  
employs  vision  AI,  machine  learning  and  natural  language  
processing to rapidly analyse claim documents, verify details, detect 
over-billing  (soft-frauds),  and  identify  potential  malpractices.  By  
automating routine tasks, it significantly reduces processing times, 
enhances  accuracy,  and  provides  a  much  faster  and  smoother  
claims  experience  for  policyholders.  We  have  significantly  
automated our claims processes, minimising manual intervention. 
This has led to faster claim resolution, improved transparency, and 
higher customer satisfaction.
 •Unified  Sign-On  Experience:  The  unified  Single  Sign-On  (SSO)  
provides  a  unified  sign-on  experience  for  its  users.  Through  
this  in-house  platform,  customers,  employees  and  partners  
can  access  multiple  Star  Health  applications  and  portals  using  
a  single  set  of  credentials.  It  eliminates  the  need  to  remember  
various  passwords,  significantly  enhancing  user  convenience  
and  reducing  login  friction.  This  streamlined  access  not  only  
improves the overall customer journey but also bolsters security 
by centralising authentication.
 •User Access Reviews: User Access Review is a critical security and 
compliance process where an organisation periodically examines 
and validates access to its systems and data. It involves verifying 
that  user  permissions  align  with  their  roles  and  responsibilities,  
identifying  and  revoking  unnecessary  or  excessive  access  rights.  
This  essential  practice  helps  mitigate  security  risks,  prevent  
unauthorised data breaches, and ensure adherence to regulatory 
requirements and internal policies.
42
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

DIGITAL MARKETING
Digital  marketing  plays  a  pivotal  role  in  Star  Health’s  strategy  
to  reach,  engage,  and  convert  customers  in  a  rapidly  evolving  
insurance landscape. With increasing digital adoption and changing 
consumer behaviour, Star Health has embraced digital platforms to:
 •Enhance   customer   experience   through   personalised    
communication
 •Drive awareness and education about health insurance via content 
marketing, video storytelling, and influencer collaborations
 •Expand  reach  through  social  media,  YouTube,  search  engine  
marketing, and mobile-first campaigns
These efforts align with the broader industry goal of “Insurance for 
All by 2047,” as envisioned by IRDAI.
Key Digital Marketing Initiatives
1.   Partnership   with   Sunrisers   Hyderabad   (SRH)    
during IPL
Star Health partnered with Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) as the official 
health insurance sponsor during the Indian Premier League (IPL). 
This campaign leveraged cricket’s mass appeal to promote health 
awareness and insurance adoption. Key highlights included:
 •Featuring  cricketers  like  Ishan  Kishan,  Jayadev  Unadkat  and  
Harshal Patel
 •Running  ads  on  Jio  Hotstar,  stadium  activations,  OOH,  metro  
branding, and social media contests to engage fans
 •Amplified brand visibility across IPL’s massive digital footprint
2. Superstar Product Launch
The launch of the Superstar Health Insurance Plan was backed by 
a robust digital campaign showcasing:
 •Customisable coverage optional benefits
 •Relatable storytelling through characters like Abhijeet, Supriya, 
and Vikas on YouTube and social media
This  campaign  positioned  Star  Health  as  a  tech-forward  insurer  
catering to modern lifestyles.
3. Celebrity-Led “I Did It” Campaign
The  “I  Did  It”  campaign  brought  together  a  star-studded  lineup  
of celebrities sharing personal stories and encouraging proactive 
health decisions. Celebrities included:
 •Rana Daggubati – emotional narratives on health and family
 •Anirudh  Ravichander,  Nayanthara,  Samantha  Ruth  Prabhu  –  
connecting with Tamil and Telugu audiences
 •Sunil Shetty – promoting fitness and wellness
 •Basil Joseph – engaging Malayalam-speaking viewers
 •Sree  Leela,  Srinidhi  Shetty  –  appealing  to  younger  and  
regional demographics
These videos featured across YouTube, Instagram, and Facebook, 
driving high engagement and brand recall.
Impact on D2C Business
Our  digital  marketing  initiatives  have  significantly  boosted  
our    Direct-to-Consumer    (D2C)    business,    delivering    
measurable outcomes:
 •50% market share in online health insurance sales
 •8% of total revenue from D2C, growing year-on-year
 •Over 10 million Star Health app downloads, enabling seamless 
policy purchase, claims, and wellness tracking.
 •The Superstar product became the top-selling plan on digital 
platforms and aggregators, crossing 1,000+ crores
These results underscore the success of Star Health’s digital-first 
approach, transforming it from an agent-led model to a digitally 
empowered insurer.
Annual Report 2024-25
43
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Powering Strategic Decisions with 
Scalable Intelligence
DATA ANALYTICS (DNA)
Our Data and Analytics (DnA) platform has emerged as a cornerstone 
of  data-driven  leadership,  operational  excellence,  and  digital  
transformation. With a robust data repository exceeding 7 TB and 
growing by 10 GB daily. The platform continues to scale in line with 
our expanding digital footprint.
On a daily basis, more than 2,000 automated reports are generated 
through our visual analytical tools, providing timely and actionable 
insights  that  empower  decision-making.  This  consistent  output  
reflects a strong data-driven culture and a well-integrated analytics 
framework. With over 1,500 downloads each day, this high level of 
engagement reflects the deep reliance on data across core functions 
such as operations, finance, marketing, HR, claims, underwriting and 
more. Additionally, over 600 KPIs and KRAs are tracked in real time, 
ensuring that every department remains aligned with strategic goals 
and performance expectations.
Through deep analytics and trend modelling, we simulate various 
market  scenarios  and  deploy  what-if  models  to  personalise  
strategies  at  the  distributor  level.  This  approach  gives  us  clear  
insights  into  performance  patterns  and  emerging  market  shifts,  
allowing us to tailor offerings, strengthen relationships and drive 
measurable business outcomes.
Our cloud  migration  strategy  has  further  enhanced  the  platform’s  
scalability, performance, and accessibility, enabling real-time analytics 
and  cross-functional  collaboration.  The  DnA  platform  serves  as  a  
unified  intelligence  engine,  transforming  raw  data  into  strategic  
insights that inform and accelerate decision-making at all levels.
STAR DATA AND ANALYTICS (DNA) – EMPOWERING DECISIONS WITH DATA 
Our  DnA  team  is  a  high-performing,  techno-functional  unit  with  deep  expertise  in  data  science,  analytics,  engineering,  and  the  insurance  
domain. The team plays a strategic role in ensuring data is not just available, but actionable.
Encourage decisions backed  
by insights, not intuition
Make data easily 
accessible across teams
Data is at the heart of 
everything we do
Integrate Data 
into Every 
Decision
Promote Data-Driven 
Decision-Making
Democratise 
Data Access
KEY 
FOCUS 
AREAS
44
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

WHAT  
WE DO
Build scalable 
data platforms
Develop intuitive 
dashboards 
and reports
Ensure data 
governance 
and quality
KEY INITIATIVES IN FY 2025
In  FY  2025,  the  DnA  team  implemented  a  suite  of  AI-powered 
predictive  models  to  enhance  operational  efficiency  and  
customer experience across the insurance lifecycle:  
Claims Fraud Detection Model
Predictive model used for safeguarding against fraudulent activity 
by  analysing  historical  patterns  to  flag  suspicious  claims  in  real  
time,  enabling  faster  and  more  accurate  investigations  and  
improving fraud identification by 3x.
Underwriting Risk Scoring Model
Evaluates new insurance proposals by predicting the underlying 
risks. This allows underwriters to make informed decisions, price 
policies more accurately, and maintain a balanced risk portfolio. 
Renewal Predictive Model
Focusses  on  customer  retention  by  scoring  upcoming  policy  
renewals. It helps identify which customers are more likely to lapse, 
allowing for timely and personalised communication strategies 
that reduce friction, communication fatigue. and improve renewal 
rates.  strategies that reduce friction, communication fatigue and 
improve renewal rates. 
Together,  these  models  create  a  strong  AI-driven  framework 
that  helps  in  fraud  prevention,  risk  assessment,  and  customer  
engagement,  enabling  smarter  decisions  and  better  results.  
To  keep  these  models  accurate,  relevant,  and  aligned  with  
changing  business  needs,  we  actively  follow  a  structured 
governance  framework.  This  includes  ongoing  monitoring  of  
model performance, checking outputs against real-world results, 
and  using  updated  insights  to  drive  improvements.  As  part  of  
this  process,  we  frequently  retrain  our  models  with  the  latest  
data  and  discoveries,  allowing  them  to  adapt  to  new  patterns  
and  retain  high  predictive  accuracy.  This  governance-based  
approach  not  only  boosts  model  reliability  but  also  ensures 
compliance,  transparency,  and  long-term  scalability  across  
our AI initiatives.
Enable cutting-
edge AI & ML 
predictive analytics 
Annual Report 2024-25
45
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Promoting Sustainable 
Development
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
We are deeply committed to sustainable development, 
embedding  Environmental,  Social,  and  Governance  
(ESG)  principles  into  our  strategy  and  operations.  
Through   responsible   practices   and   purposeful   
initiatives,   we   create   long-term   value   for   our   
stakeholders  while  driving  positive  change  for  the  
planet, our people, and the communities we serve. 
Please read about our ESG policy here.
53
ESG Score in S&P Global’s 2024 Assessment  
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
Trust,  Transparency,  and  Transformation  form  the  foundation  of  our  
commitment to Customer well-being, Employee well-being, and the 
Planet’s wealth (CEP). We ensure that our actions are ethically sound, 
fully  compliant  with  regulations,  and  aligned  with  our  purpose  of  
creating a lasting impact.
Catalysts for Growth
TRUSTTRANSPARENCYTRANSFORMATION
 •Fundamental to our business, 
it is crucial to prioritise 
ethical practices, purpose-led 
operations, and customer-
centric approach.
 •Helps us build customer 
relationships, strengthening our 
operational efficiency, enhancing 
reputation and creating 
long-term value..
 •Maintaining clear ethos, 
communication around 
company's values, offerings and 
purpose has a profound impact 
on our growth.
 •Helps gaining the confidence 
of the stakeholders, streamlines 
processes, promotes 
accountability and aids 
decision-making
Staying relevant in the dynamic 
market landscape is inalienable. 
Leveraging technological 
advancements, reimagining 
models, and continuously evolving 
to meet changing customer 
expectations and market demands 
guide us to carve our own niche in 
the industry.
Contributes to the People, Planet, and Prosperity
46
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Integrated Approach to People and  Planet Well-being
Strategy PillarsObjectivesAction plan
Community 
Well-being 
Planet's Wealth
Employee 
Well-being 
Improve the quality of health for 
people in our local communities
Decarbonising operations to 
reduce emissions
Continue to maintain and scale 
up water-saving initiatives across 
business operations.
Waste reduction and safe recycling 
and disposal
Empower the workforce towards a 
common goal and equip them with 
future-fit skills that nurture creativity 
and sustainability
Integrate the CSR strategy with the broader 
ESG vision and objectives
Align initiatives with the UN SDGs
Conduct energy audit
Track energy usage
Implement energy savings initiatives
Conduct water audit
Implement water savings initiatives
Implementing strategies to reduce overall 
waste production through efficient resource 
management and sustainable practices
Develop a comprehensive training plan for 
facilitating training and skill development
Regularly monitor the training provided to 
employees and ensure full coverage
Annual Report 2024-25
47
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Collaborating for Change
Stakeholder Engagement
Customers
General Public 
Suppliers 
Regulators
Hospitals
Re-insurer
Shareholders/ 
Investors 
Insurance Agent 
Key Stakeholders 
MATERIALITY AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
We have identified a list of material topics that assess the significance and impact of critical matters on our internal and external stakeholders, 
as well as their influence on our business operations. Furthermore, we have integrated the findings from this materiality assessment into our 
sustainability strategy and action plans.
MATERIALITY TOPICS
Material Aspects
Material topics for Star Health
High
1.  Data Privacy and Security
2.  Cybersecurity and IT Infrastructure
3.  Ethics and Compliance
4.  Employee Health Safety
5.      Employee Development and 
Training Continuity
6. Human Rights
7.  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
8.  Innovation and Technology Adoption
9.  Corporate Governance
10.  Risk Management and Business Continuity
11.  Climate Risk Management
12.  Customer Satisfaction and Engagement
13.  Responsible Investment
Medium
14. Employee Well-being
15. Stakeholder Engagement
16. Corporate Social Responsibility
17. Community Engagement and Outreach
Low
18. Supply Chain Management
19. Waste Management
20. Water Management
Pooling of 
sustainability issues
Pooling of sustainability 
issues from reporting 
frameworks and 
sustainability trends
Prioritisation
Prioritisation of the 
top issues based on 
stakeholder surveys 
and benchmarking
Finalisation
Finalisation of 
material topics from 
the major issues
Validation
Validating the 
scope, targets and 
period for each issue
14
16
17
12
5
4
6
7
1513
9
8
10
2
3
1
11
18
ESG
19
20
High
Low
High
High
Low
Low
Medium
Medium
Medium
Importance to Star Health
Importance to Stakeholder
48
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Material Aspects
Key Focus Areas
ESG  Vision                        
   Climate Change Strategy
   Energy & Emission Efficiency
   Waste Management
   Water Management
Identification 
of KPIs for 
target setting
Vesting 
responsibilities 
with 
business heads
      Good Governance Practice
     Risk  Management
      Transparency and Accountability
     Cyber  Security
   Accessible and Affordable
     Customer  Welfare  Commitments
      Employee Engagement and 
Well Being
      Equity Diversity and Inclusion
      Learning and Development
      Occupational, Health, and Safety 
(OHS)
     Community  Engagement 
and Outreach
      Corporate Social Responsibility
Environmental
Governance
Social
Goal SettingMeasure & MonitorPositive Contribution
=+
Annual Report 2024-25
49
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Renewable Energy Integration
We  have  integrated  wind  power  into  the  energy  mix  at  our  
corporate  office,  reducing  reliance  on  conventional  energy  
sources and promoting usage of renewable energy.  
Water Management
We  have  implemented  several  water-saving  initiatives  that  
have  led  to  a  significant  68%  reduction  in  water  consumption  
at  our  Head  Office.  Our  wastewater  recycling  systems  at  our  
corporate  office  and  two  other  branch  locations  help  reduce  
freshwater dependency.
Waste Management
Waste management forms an essential part of our sustainability 
strategy. We have implemented a structured e-waste management 
system, ensuring that 100% of our electronic waste is responsibly 
disposed of through authorised third-party partners. In FY 2025, 
we safely processed 16,343 kilograms of e-waste.
Energy & 
Emissions Management
Waste  
Management
Water  
Management
Climate Change 
and Adaptation
KEY INITIATIVES IN FY 2025
Energy and Emissions Management
Energy-Efficient Infrastructure 
We continue to make investments in energy-efficient infrastructure 
and  spaces.  Our  Corporate  Office  in  Chennai  was  awarded  the  
'Platinum' rating by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) under 
the Green Interiors category.
Energy Management Systems
We  have  implemented  advanced  energy  management  systems  at  
two branch locations to monitor and optimise real-time energy use, 
particularly for air conditioning systems. This initiative has resulted in:
These  efforts  demonstrate  our  commitment  to  sustainability  and  
efficient  energy  management,  resulting  in  tangible  benefits  and  
paving the way for broader implementation across our network.
886 Units
Energy saved
807 Kg
Reduction in CO
2
 emissions
Focus Areas
Environmental
Environmental   stewardship   is   integral   to   our   
operations.  We  are  committed  to  reducing  our  
ecological  footprint  through  strategic  initiatives  
in  energy  efficiency,  renewable  energy  adoption,  
water  and  waste  management,  digitisation,  and  
afforestation.  Our  approach  focusses  on  delivering  
measurable  outcomes  while  creating  lasting  impact  
for the planet.
50
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Additionally,  we  have  enforced  a  ban  on  single-use  plastics  
across our corporate and branch offices, thereby reducing plastic 
waste generation.
16,343 Kilograms
E-waste processed
Digitisation of Processes
We continue to digitise core processes to reduce paper consumption 
and associated emissions and enhance efficiency. Today, over 80% 
of  policies  are  sold  or  renewed  digitally.  Our  Star  Health  App  has  
crossed  1  crore  downloads.  A  key  feature  of  the  app  is  our  AI-
powered Face Scan tool, which evaluates 18 key health parameters, 
promoting digital healthcare services and sustainable practices.
80%
Policies sold or renewed digitally
1 crore+ 
Star Health app downloads
Afforestation and Tree Plantation
We   have   undertaken   extensive   plantation   efforts   across   
Ananthapuramu,  Kolar,  and  Krishnagiri,  planting  19,239  trees  
spanning over 20 species. This initiative supports over 100 farmers 
and  includes  diverse  species  such  as  Mango,  Jamun,  Coconut,  
Tamarind, Neem, Jackfruit, etc.
19 thousand+ 
Trees planted
100
Farmers benefited
For more details on our environmental performance, 
please refer to the BRSR on page 134.
Annual Report 2024-25
51
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Social
Employee Engagement 
and Well-Being
Learning 
and Development
Corporate 
Social Responsibility
Local Communities
Equity Diversity 
and Inclusion
Occupational, Health, 
and Safety (OHS)
Customer 
Welfare Commitments 
Focus Areas
EMPLOYEES
Our  people  are  at  the  heart  of  everything  we  do.  Through  a  range  
of  impactful  initiatives,  we  strive  to  nurture  a  workplace  that  fosters  
collaboration,  celebrates  achievements,  promotes  diversity  and  
inclusion, and prioritises holistic wellness and growth of employees.
KEY INITIATIVES IN FY 2025
Employee Engagement and Wellbeing
The "Faces of Star Health"
During  the  year,  we  launched  the  "Faces  of  Star  Health"  campaign  to  
celebrate  and  highlight  the  individuals  shaping  Star  Health’s  culture.  
The  campaign  received  an  overwhelming  response,  with  over  1,700  
submissions from employees across functions and geographies. Out of 
these, 27 employees and their families were selected to participate in 
professional photoshoots. Their stories and images are featured across 
our brand communications.
This  campaign  won  the  “Great  Indian  Employee  Engagement  
Strategy  of  the  Year”  award  in  2024,  reaffirming  our  commitment  to  
employee engagement.
52
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Fit Fest Journey
Fit  Fest  is  a  comprehensive  health  programme  to  enhance  
the overall well-being of employees. With 2,326 participants 
enrolled nationwide, the initiative was driven by local SPOCs 
who encouraged consistent participation.
The programme featured daily wellness mantras, motivational 
videos,  and  interactive  assessments.  Monthly  activities  
included Zumba sessions, gym challenges, cycle marathons, 
yoga routines, and modules on nutrition, sleep hygiene, and 
eating patterns.
Annual Report 2024-25
53
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Star Health Rakshak Programme
Launched  in  2014,  the  Star  Health  Rakshak  Programme  
recognises and celebrates employees who excel in identifying 
potential risks, safeguarding the Company’s legacy, protecting 
our   customers,   and   upholding   organisational   values.   
Individuals  are  encouraged  to  report  fraudulent  activities  
to  the  Rakshak  team,  thereby  fostering  a  safer  and  more  
transparent environment.
Diversity and Inclusion
We  strive  to  create  a  workplace  that  embraces  diverse  
perspectives,   ensuring   that   every   individual   has   the   
opportunity to grow and succeed. 
In FY 2025, women comprised 29% of our workforce, marking 
significant progress toward our goal of achieving 30% female 
representation  by  2030.  This  milestone  not  only  reaffirms  
our  commitment  to  gender  diversity  but  also  enables  us  
to  exceed  our  target  ahead  of  schedule,  underscoring  our  
dedication  to  fostering  an  inclusive  and  diverse  workplace.  
Our strategic initiatives and focussed efforts have been pivotal 
in driving this advancement, and we will continue to build on 
this momentum to ensure sustained progress.
Through  Star  Disha,  we  aim  to  create  a  workplace  
where diversity thrives, inclusivity flourishes, and every 
voice is heard.
Star Disha
Our flagship programme, Star Disha, is designed to cultivate 
next-generation  leadership  talent  by  providing  growth  
opportunities and specialised training and mentorship.
FRAUD MITIGATION MEASURES 
Mentorship 
& Development
Wellness Initiatives
Exchange of Ideas
Surveys and 
Continuous Development
Networking
Recognition 
and Celebrations
Key activities
54
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Star  Health  Launches  India’s  First  Insurance  Policy  in  
Braille
As  part  of  our  efforts  on  inclusivity,  Star  Health  launched  India’s  
first health insurance policy in Braille – the Star Special Care Gold 
Plan  for  the  visually  impaired  community.  This  groundbreaking  
initiative reflects our dedication to ensuring that every individual 
has  equitable  access  to  health  coverage.  The  Braille  version  of  
the Special Care Gold Plan enables visually impaired individuals 
to  understand  and  make  informed  decisions  about  their  health  
insurance needs.
Key Features of the Special Care Gold Plan include:
 •Extensive  Medical  Coverage:  ICU/ICCU,  pre-  and  post-
hospitalisation, and day care procedures
 •Room Rent & Emergency Services: Coverage for room rent and 
emergency ambulance services
 •Modern & AYUSH Treatments: Inclusion of both modern and 
alternative treatments
 •Co-payment & Waiver Provisions: Lump sum benefits, waiting 
periods for specified and pre-existing conditions
Empowering the Visually Impaired
Our initiative is designed to create sustainable, flexible, and long-
term income generation opportunities for the marginalised and 
underserved visually impaired and blind community. We sponsor 
IC38  certification  for  visually  impaired  prospective  agents,  
supported by tailored audio training modules to make the course 
curriculum more accessible.
To ensure equal opportunities, we provide scribes for examination 
assistance and have established a dedicated hotline to offer real-
time support. Beyond certification, we focus on continuous training 
and upskilling to enhance capabilities, while offering flexible, self-
paced income generation opportunities that empower financial 
independence from the comfort of their homes.
Annual Report 2024-25
55
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Star Arogya Digi Seva Programme
The Star Arogya Digi Seva programme aims to enhance 
healthcare  accessibility,  provide  timely  consultations,  
and   promote   health   awareness   for   underserved   
populations  through  Mobile  Health  Units.  In  FY  2025,  
this  flagship  initiative  continued  to  make  a  tangible  
difference,  combining  digital  health  innovations  with  
on-ground medical interventions to reach marginalised 
communities across Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
This five mobile health units served aspirational districts 
locations  –  three  in  Tamil  Nadu  and  two  in  Andhra  
Pradesh to improve health outcomes across 74 villages 
in 10 districts.. This initiative reflects our mission to make 
quality healthcare accessible to everyone.
Each MHU offered:
 •Doorstep consultations
 •Health awareness campaigns
 •Community engagement programmes
 •Information on health insurance
By  leveraging  digital  tools  and  conducting  on-ground  
interventions,  the  programme  impacted  over  30,000  
individuals during the year.
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS IN FY 2025
Medical Camps on Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs)
To combat the rising prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) 
such as diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases, 22 medical 
camps were organised through employee volunteering in Chennai and 
Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu. These camps have had a significant 
impact on the local communities in several ways:
1. Early Detection and Diagnosis
The medical camps provided free health screenings, which included blood 
pressure checks, blood sugar tests, and cholesterol level assessments. This 
facilitated the early detection of NCDs among the participants, many of 
whom were unaware of their health conditions.
2. Increased Awareness and Education
Health  education  sessions  were  conducted  to  inform  the  community  
about the risk factors and preventive measures for NCDs. Topics covered 
included the importance of a balanced diet, regular physical activity, and 
avoiding tobacco and excessive alcohol consumption.
3. Access to Medical Care
The camps bridged the gap in healthcare access, especially in rural areas 
like Ramanathapuram district, where medical facilities are often limited. 
Participants  received  consultations  from  healthcare  professionals  and  
were provided with necessary medications and follow-up care plans.
4. Community Engagement and Support
Employee volunteers played a crucial role in organising and running the 
camps, fostering a sense of community involvement and support. Their 
efforts helped build trust and encouraged more people to participate in 
the health screenings and educational sessions.
Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR)
Our  CSR  vision  is  to  foster  healthier  and  
more  resilient  communities  by  promoting  
accessible healthcare, preventive awareness, 
and  digital  health  adoption.  We  focus  
our  efforts  on  community  health,  disease  
prevention,  and  health  literacy.  Our  CSR  
initiatives are designed to bridge healthcare 
access    gaps,    empower    underserved    
populations, and create long-term, positive 
social impact.
Key Highlights 
Rs.1.68 crores 
CSR spending in FY 2025
30,000
Lives impacted
56
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

5. Long-term Health Benefits
By  identifying  and  managing  NCDs  early,  the  medical  camps  have  
contributed  to  reducing  the  long-term  health  complications  
associated  with  these  diseases.  This  proactive  approach  helps  in  
lowering  the  overall  healthcare  burden  on  the  community  and  
improving the quality of life for the participants.
Overall,  these  medical  camps  have  made  a  substantial  impact  
on  the  health  and  well-being  of  the  communities  in  Chennai  
and  Ramanathapuram  district,  demonstrating  the  importance  
of  such  initiatives  in  addressing  the  growing  challenge  of  non-
communicable diseases.
Creation of ABHA IDs
During the year, we facilitated the creation of ABHA IDs (Ayushman 
Bharat Health Account) for 1,574 patients. This is a unique 14-digit 
digital  health  identifier  issued  by  the  Indian  government  under  the  
Ayushman  Bharat  Digital  Mission  (ABDM).  It  enables  centralised 
storage of medical records, including prescriptions, lab reports, and 
hospital visits, accessible across healthcare providers.
The  ABHA  ID  ensures  seamless  and  secure  sharing  of  health 
data with  consent,  improving  care  coordination  and  reducing  
paperwork. It supports cashless treatment, insurance integration, 
and  faster  registration  at  hospitals,  enhancing  healthcare  efficiency  
and accessibility.
Health Education & Awareness Sessions
As part of the Star Arogya Digi Seva Programme, extensive efforts were 
made  to  educate  communities  on  preventive  healthcare  measures,  
disease awareness, and overall well-being. A total of 13,471 individuals 
received  health  education  and  awareness  sessions,  empowering  
them with knowledge on disease prevention and healthy living. The 
healthcare  and  awareness  sessions  covered  a  wide  range  of  critical  
health  topics  aimed  at  improving  community  well-being.  The  key  
topics included:
 •Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs) Awareness
 •Maternal and Child Health
 •General Health & Hygiene
 •Digital Health & ABHA ID Promotion
These sessions played a crucial role in empowering communities with essential health knowledge, promoting preventive healthcare, 
and encouraging timely medical interventions.
5 MHU Locations3 Months of Operations79 Villages
225,524 1,574 13,471 29,926
Medical CampsPatients Registered 
on Telemedicine 
Platform
ABHA ID CreatedHealth Education 
& Awareness
Sessions
Total Lives
Touched
Status of Various Activities
8 Aspirational Districts
Annual Report 2024-25
57
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Governance 
GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Our corporate governance framework is guided by a well-
balanced and diverse Board, comprising skilled, experienced, 
and  independent  professionals.  The  Board  plays  a  critical  
role in overseeing the Company’s strategic direction while 
safeguarding the long-term interests of all stakeholders. The 
Board,  along  with  its  core  committees,  provides  oversight  
across  key  aspects  of  our  business  operations  and  value  
chain and recommends areas of improvement. 
Board Committees
 •Audit Committee
 •Investment Committee
 •Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 •Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 •Risk Management Committee
 •Policyholders Protection Grievance Redressal and Claims 
Monitoring Committee
 •Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 •Information Technology Committee
For more details, please refer to our 
Corporate Governance Report on page 99
ISO/IEC 
27001:2013, ISO/
IEC 27001:2022 
and ISO 9001 
22%
Certifications
Female 
representation on 
the Board 
FOCUS AREAS
Good Governance  
Practices 
Cyber Security
Transparency 
and Accountability
Access and 
Affordability
Risk Management
58
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Policies & Process, Training & Awareness,  
Operational Level
 •Management Structure
 •Monitoring Internal Control Systems
 •Enterprise Risk Management Framework
 •Statutory & Other Audits
 •Information System Controls
 •Approved Procedures of Delegation
 •Compliance and Reporting
Our  policies  on  corporate  governance  and  ethical  
business  conduct  guide  our  people,  directors,  senior  
management,  vendors  and  suppliers  in  conducting  
business  operations  with  fairness,  transparency  and  
accountability.  Our  policies  can  be  accessed  on  our  
website from here.
https://www.starhealth.in/investors/policies/
ESG Policies 
We are dedicated to advancing our Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG)  policies.  We  continually  work  to  enhance  these  policies  to  create  
greater value for our stakeholders.
 •OHS Policy
 •Anti Harassment Policy
 •Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy
 •Human Rights Policy
 •Equal Employment 
Opportunity Policy
 •Sustainable Financial 
Inclusion Policy
 •Workplace Anti- 
Harassment Policy
 •Mental Health and Well-
being Policy
 •Anti-Bribery & Anti-
Corruption Policy 
 •Anti-Fraud Policy
 •Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 •Procurement Policy 
 •ESG Policy 
 •Whistle Blower Policy
 •Code of Conduct for 
Suppliers Vendors
 •Cybersecurity Policy
 •Quality Management Policy 
Annual Report 2024-25
59
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Visionaries at the Helm
Board of Directors
MR. RAJEEV KHER
Non-Executive Chairperson & Independent Director
Mr. Rajeev Kher, a former Commerce Secretary and Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer, has over 40 
years of experience in International Trade and Commerce, Industrial Development and Investment Policy, 
Competition Law and Policy, Sustainable Development Policy and Planning, Environmental Management and 
Global Governance. He has led key trade negotiations with the EU, EFTA, RCEP, and ASEAN, formulated India’s 
first comprehensive Foreign Trade Policy (2015–2020), and contributed to the National Environment Policy.
Post-retirement, he has served as a Distinguished Fellow at RIS and advised government bodies, industry 
chambers, and global corporations on trade, industrial, and investment policy. He is a member of several 
high-level committees, including those of NITI Aayog and CII, and serves on corporate boards and advisory 
panels. A prolific writer, he has published extensively on trade policy, patent law, WTO dispute mechanisms, 
and product standards.
MR. ANAND ROY
Managing Director & CEO
Mr. Anand Roy has been associated with Star Health since its inception in 2006. He has led the organisation 
into becoming India’s leading Standalone Health Insurance provider, which remains on the path of consistent 
growth. He is cognisant of the digital trends and is involved in the digital transformation plans of Star Health. 
His career spans over 20 years in the insurance & banking sectors, which includes associations with leading 
organisations like ICICI Lombard and American Express.
MS. ANISHA MOTWANI
Independent Director
Ms. Anisha Motwani began her career in advertising and had a successful 15-year stint with leading agencies 
like McCann Erickson, Mudra & Leo Burnett. She served as the Director & Chief Marketing Officer of Max Life 
Insurance for nearly 8 years, and was also an independent advisor on the Max Group of Companies. She is 
the founder of StN Ventures, a Brand & Innovation Consulting firm. She also works as an Independent Advisor 
with the World Bank on the Swachh Bharat programme, Adoption of Solar Rooftops, and the National Mission 
for Clean Ganga. Recipient of several awards, she also mentors the CEO and business at MAS Holdings & 
Welspun India.
MR. ROHIT BHASIN
Independent Director
Mr. Rohit Bhasin is a chartered accountant certified by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He 
has over four decades of experience with leading organisations such as PwC, AIG and Standard Chartered 
Bank. A seasoned finance specialist, he has rich experience with leading financial services and consulting 
organisations. Prior to his retirement in March 2017, he has worked with PwC across various roles. He is also 
a business coach to several industry leaders and has undertaken select consulting engagements.
60
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

MR. RAJEEV KRISHNAMURALILAL AGARWAL
Independent Director
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal Agarwal has extensive experience in Securities Markets, Commodity Markets, 
and Taxation. He was a whole time Member of SEBI for 5 years and was designated as Commissioner of the 
regulatory commission. He was associated as a Member of the Forward Markets Commission, the erstwhile 
regulator of the Commodity futures markets, and supervised its smooth merger with SEBI in 2015. He was 
an integral part of various policy reforms initiated by the regulatory bodies and was also responsible for 
the revival package of the Mutual Fund Industry in 2012. He had a long stint with the investigation and 
enforcement divisions of the Indian Revenue Service. He has wide exposure in the global markets and their 
regulation. He holds a bachelor’s degree in electronics and communication engineering from the Indian 
Institute of Technology, Roorkee, and belongs to the IRS 1983 batch.
MR. SUMIR CHADHA
Non-Executive Nominee Director
Mr. Sumir Chadha is the co-founder and Managing Director of WestBridge Capital and has been investing in India 
for the past two decades, in both public and private businesses. He cofounded and held the position of Managing 
Director of Sequoia Capital India. Earlier, he was part of the Principal Investment Area (PIA) at Goldman Sachs & Co. 
in Singapore and New York. He also spent two years at McKinsey & Company in New York and New Delhi. He has 
served on over 25 Indian boards, including but not limited to leading companies. He was also the Chairman of the 
Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) and led the process to write its constitution. He has co-
chaired the Capital Markets Committee of the US India Business Council (USIBC). He currently serves on the India 
Advisory Board for Harvard Business School, and on the President’s Advisory Council at Princeton University. He is 
an MBA from Harvard Business School with Distinction and a BSE in Computer Science from Princeton University.
MRS. RAJNI SEKHRI SIBAL
Independent Director
A  former  Indian  Administrative  Services  (IAS)  officer  of  the  Haryana  cadre,  Mrs.  Rajni  Sekhri  Sibal  was  the  first  
woman to have topped the All India Civil Service Examinations in the 1986 Batch. She was formerly Secretary to 
the Government of India and is currently the Independent External Monitor of SEBI. In her last assignment, she was 
posted as the first Secretary of the Ministry of Fisheries and was responsible for the sustained growth in the blue 
economy. She had previously worked as Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs, Additional Secretary 
in the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, and Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture. She 
had also worked as Director of Health Insurance at Max India and led Max’s initiative into health insurance. At the 
start of her career, she spent 15 years in various roles in the Government of Haryana. She is an alumnus of Welham 
Girls, a science graduate, and a master’s in psychology and economics.
Mr.  Deepak  Ramineedi  has  several  years  of  experience  in  the  private  equity  industry  and  has  previously  worked  
with Credit Suisse Securities (India) Private Limited. He is the Principal at WestBridge Capital and has over a decade 
of experience in the equities space. He has worked across several sectors like financial services, healthcare, pharma, 
capital goods, real estate, consumer durables, telecom, etc., in both public and private markets. He holds a bachelor’s 
degree in technology from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and a postgraduate diploma in management 
from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
Mr. Utpal Hemendra Sheth is the Chief Executive Officer at Rare Enterprises, a proprietary asset management firm. 
He is a Commerce Graduate, Cost Accountant, and Chartered Financial Analyst from ICFAI.
MR. DEEPAK RAMINEEDI
Non-Executive Nominee Director
MR. UTPAL HEMENDRA SHETH
Non-Executive Nominee Director
Annual Report 2024-25
61
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Guided by Dynamic and 
Experienced Leaders
Leadership Team
MR. HIMANSHU WALIA
Chief Marketing Officer
Mr.  Himanshu  Walia  has  over  22  years  of  rich  experience  in  the  insurance  industry,  with  significant  contributions  
in operations, distribution, and group business. He has been associated with Star Health since 2007 and has been 
instrumental in strengthening the organisation’s market presence across India. In his current role as Chief Marketing 
Officer, he leads Star Health’s integrated sales and distribution structure. He is responsible for driving business growth 
across verticals and geographies, while ensuring profitability, compliance with regulatory standards and delivering 
superior customer service. His leadership focusses on strategic scaling of networks to enhance market share. Prior 
to joining Star Health, he held roles at ICICI Lombard and Tata AIG. He holds an MBA in Marketing and is recognised 
for his strategic vision and market-building.
MR. AMITABH JAIN
Chief Operating Officer
Mr.  Amitabh  Jain  has  over  25  years  of  experience  in  financial  services,  including  over  20  in  the  general  
insurance industry. He joined the ICICI Group in 1999  and moved to ICICI Lombard GIC as a Founder member 
in 2001. He has worked across Retail, Bancassurance, and Corporate divisions of motor, health and allied 
products through multiple channels. He also holds extensive experience in underwriting, portfolio risk, P&L 
management, product development and pricing, product launch including regulatory filings and approvals, 
digital transformation, claims, and providers management.
MR. ANAND ROY
Managing Director & CEO
Mr. Anand Roy has been associated with Star Health since its inception in 2006. He has led the organisation 
into becoming India’s leading Standalone Health Insurance provider, which remains on the path of consistent 
growth. He is cognisant of the digital trends and is involved in the digital transformation plans of Star Health. 
His career spans over 20 years in the insurance & banking sectors, which includes associations with leading 
organisations like ICICI Lombard and American Express.
62
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

MR. NILESH KAMBLI
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Nilesh Kambli has over 17 years of experience, including 12 in the general insurance sector across diverse 
functions. A Chartered Accountant and INSEAD Management Programme graduate, he previously served as 
CFO at Bharti AXA General Insurance for 2.5 years and as Deputy CFO at ICICI Lombard General Insurance for 
over 8 years. He has played a key role in the stake sale and IPO of ICICI Lombard General Insurance in addition 
to revamping and setting up the finance function at Bharti AXA General Insurance.
MR. ANEESH SRIVASTAVA
Chief Investment Officer
Mr. Aneesh Srivastava is an accomplished finance professional with extensive experience in the investment 
and  insurance  industry.  He  has  been  associated  with  Star  Health  for  over  3  years,  driving  the  Company's  
investment strategy and growth. He has also been instrumental in professionalising the investment function 
at Star Health by setting up various processes and systems. He has built the Company’s multi-asset portfolio. 
Previously, he served as Chief Investment Officer at Ageas Federal Life Insurance for 12 years, and as President 
of Investments at London-based India Capital Growth Fund. He holds an MBA in Finance & Marketing from 
the University of Lucknow, is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), a certified Financial Risk Manager (FRM) 
from GARP, and has earned a Certificate in Quantitative Finance (CQF) from Fitch Group. 
MR. SRIRAM RAGUNANDHANAN 
Chief Human Resources Officer
Mr. Sriram Ragunandhanan is a qualified human resources professional with 27 years of progressive experience across 
Indian and multinational companies and holds a law degree. For the past 16 years, he has held senior leadership 
roles, partnering closely with business leaders to drive organisational people strategies. He has worked with global 
companies such as DuPont, HCL, AOL, EMC, and Ocwen, managing operations across geographies including China, 
Malaysia,  the  Philippines,  and  Sri  Lanka.  His  expertise  spans  talent  acquisition  and  management,  performance  
management,  HR  technologies,  compliance,  and  corporate  governance.  Before  joining  Star  Health,  he  served  as  
Head of HR at Startek, a global ITES organisation in Gurgaon.
MR. ADITYA BIYANI
Chief Strategy & Investor Relations Officer 
Mr. Aditya Biyani is the Chief Strategy & Investor Relations Officer of Star Health. With over two decades of experience, 
he has been an integral part in spearheading the Strategic Alliances & Partnerships vertical along with the emerging 
Semi  Urban  Rural  Vertical  and  oversees  the  Digital  and  the  Investor  Relations  function  of  the  Company.  On  the  
academic  front,  he  is  an  MBA  and  CFA  professional.  He  started  his  career  as  a  management  trainee  in  the  FMCG  
industry with the Murugappa Group‘s Parrys Confectionery. Before joining Star Health in 2020, he was the National 
Sales Manager at ICICI Lombard and has more than a decade of experience in MF, PMS & AIF segments across the 
financial services industry.
Annual Report 2024-25
63
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

MR.  VISHWAJEET MOHNOT 
Executive President
With four decades of experience in the iInsurance sector, Mr. Vishwajeet Mohnot has served in various roles at Star 
Health since its inception in 2006. Prior to this, he had a 24-year-long stint at the PSU GI major United India, serving 
in various capacities, mostly in Sales, Marketing and Compliance.
MR. MUKESH SHARMA
Chief Digital Transformation Officer
As  Chief  Digital  Transformation  Officer  at  Star  Health,  Mr.  Mukesh  Sharma  oversees  engineering,  digital  
transformation,  and  product  innovation.  He  has  over  20  years  of  experience  in  the  technology  sector,  
spanning e-commerce, travel, and media. He has held leadership roles with leading organisations such as 
Bharti Airtel, Times Internet Limited, Yatra, and MakeMyTrip.
MR. ASHWANI KUMAR ARORA 
Appointed Actuary
Mr.  Ashwani  Kumar  Arora  is  a  fellow  member  of  both  the  Institute  of  Actuaries  of  India  and  the  UK,  with  over  16  
years  of  experience  across  health  insurance,  pricing,  reserving,  and  capital  modelling.  He  has  served  as  Head  of  
Actuarial  and  Appointed  Actuary  at  leading  insurers  such  as  Chola  MS  and  Future  Generali,  overseeing  product  
pricing, portfolio monitoring, solvency assessments, and asset-liability management. He has also worked with XL India 
Business Services in reserve risk analysis and pricing frameworks for commercial business, and with Towers Watson 
Consultancy (legacy EMB) on advanced actuarial modelling.
64
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd

Corporate Information
REGISTERED OFFICE:
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
No.1, New Tank Street, Valluvar Kottam High Road,
Nungambakkam,
Chennai – 600034, Tamilnadu, India
CORPORATE OFFICE:
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
No: 148, Acropolis, Dr. Radha Krishnan Salai, Mylapore,  
Chennai-600 004. Tamilnadu, India
DEBENTURE TRUSTEE
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited
Asian Building | Ground Floor, 17, 
R. Kamani Marg, Ballard Estate
Mumbai - 400 001 Maharashtra, India
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
KFin Technologies Limited
301, The Centrium, 3
rd
 Floor,  
57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road,  
Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400070, Maharashtra
STATUTORY AUDITORS
T R Chadha & Co LLP
B-30, Connaught Place,
Kuthiala Building,
New Delhi, India 110001
MSKA & Associates
602, Floor 6, Raheja Titanium, Western Express
Highway, Geetanjali Railway Colony, Ram Nagar,
Goregaon (E), Mumbai
Maharashtra India 400063.
Annual Report 2024-25
65
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory Reports  
Financial  Statements  

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
66
Management Discussion & Analysis
GLOBAL ECONOMY
Performance of major economies
World Economic Output (%)
Particulars20242025P2026E
World Output2.71.82.0
Advanced Economies1.20.91.2
United States1.91.21.1
Euro Area0.50.50.9
Japan0.61.01.1
United Kingdom0.00.10.6
Canada-1.40.41.6
Other Advanced Economies1.71.41.5
Emerging Markets and Developing Economies3.72.72.8
Emerging and Developing Asia4.74.04.1
China5.14.24.2
India 5.55.35.4
ASEAN-5 (Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam)3.63.03.0
Source: International Monetary Fund April 2025 report 
P: Projected, E: Estimated
OUTLOOK
The global economy is projected to grow steadily, with GDP expected to rise by 1.8% in 2025 and 2.0% in 2026, underpinned by consistent 
performance across both advanced and emerging markets. Growth in advanced economies is likely to remain moderate, with estimates of 
0.9%  in  2025  and  1.2%  in  2026,  shaped  by  differing  domestic  demand  trends  and  policy  stances.  In  comparison,  emerging  markets  led  by  
China and India are expected to sustain stronger growth momentum, with forecasts of 2.7% in 2025 and 2.8% in 2026, despite persistent global 
uncertainties. A key emerging risk stems from escalating trade tensions. The U.S. introduced tariffs on Canada, Mexico, China and several other 
countries in March 2025, prompting retaliatory actions that could disrupt global trade flows, increase inflationary pressures and slow economic 
activity. Elevated import costs may push up consumer prices across multiple regions. Nevertheless, economies are expected to demonstrate 
resilience, supported by technological innovation and well-calibrated policy responses aimed at preserving economic stability.
INDIAN ECONOMY
India  continues  to  rank  among  the  fastest-growing  major  economies  in  the  world,  reflected  by  favourable  demographics,  strong  domestic  
demand  and  ongoing  structural  reforms.  The  country  is  steadily  reinforcing  its  role  as  a  significant  global  economic  player,  supported  by  
sustained growth across the manufacturing, infrastructure and technology sectors and healthy GST collections.
However,  in  the  face  of  elevated  global  uncertainties  and  domestic  headwinds,  India’s  GDP  growth  slowed  to  6.5%  in  FY  2025,  down  from  
9.2% in FY 2024, as per data from the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MOSPI). This moderation was largely attributed 
to a slowdown in manufacturing, rising food inflation, subdued urban consumption, limited formal job creation, a widening trade deficit and 
sluggish private investment. Despite these challenges, the economy remains on a steady trajectory, supported by strong performance in the 
services sector, increased public infrastructure spending and government initiatives focussed on digital transformation, financial inclusion and 
improving the ease of doing business.
Source: https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
67
Indian GDP Growth (%)
ParticularsFY 2023FY 2024FY 2025P*FY 2026E
#
Real GDP Growth (%)7.69.26.56.5
Source: *MOSPI Report dated 28 February, 2025
#
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) report dated 9 April, 2025
Growth of the Indian economy quarter by quarter FY 2025
Particulars1Q FY 20252Q FY 20253Q FY 20254Q FY 2025
Real GDP Growth (%)6.75.46.26.5
Inflation remained a significant concern in FY 2025, driven by global supply chain disruptions and volatility in commodity prices. In response, the 
Reserve Bank of India's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) implemented two repo rate cuts of 25 basis points each, bringing the rate down to 
6% as of April 2025 and shifting to an accommodative stance. CPI inflation is expected to average 4.9% in FY 2025, down from 5.4% in FY 2024, 
with further easing to 4.0% projected for FY 2026.
The fiscal deficit is estimated at 4.8% of GDP for FY 2025 and is projected to moderate to 4.4% in FY 2026. To finance the deficit in FY 2026, net 
market borrowings through dated securities are expected to amount to Rs. 11.54 lakh crore. The remaining financing needs are anticipated to 
be met through mobilisation from small savings and other sources. Gross market borrowings for FY 2026 are projected at Rs. 14.82 lakh crore. 
The current account deficit remained contained at 1.2% of GDP, pointing to stable external fundamentals for FY 2025.
India’s exports hit a record USD 824.9 billion in FY 2025, supported by robust growth in services exports, which rose to USD 387.5 billion. This 
reflects a 6.01% YoY increase over the previous year, with major contributions from telecommunications and financial services. Merchandise 
exports rose by 6%, while services exports delivered strong growth of 13.6%, further cementing India’s position as a global leader in services.
Gross  Fixed  Capital  Formation  (GFCF),  which  measures  investments  in  fixed  assets  such  as  infrastructure,  machinery  and  equipment,  has  
remained relatively stable as a share of GDP over the past three fiscal years. The GFCF-to-GDP ratio stood at 33.6% in FY 2023, eased slightly to 
33.5% in FY 2024 and is estimated at 33.4% for FY 2025. This consistent signals a continued commitment to long-term investment and capacity 
building, even amid global challenges. It also reflects ongoing momentum in infrastructure expansion and private sector investment, both of 
which are vital for enhancing productivity and sustaining economic growth.
The manufacturing sector contributes around 17% to India’s GDP and is projected to reach USD 1 trillion by FY 2026 as India seeks to consolidate 
its  position  as  a  major  global  manufacturing  hub.  The  Indian  automobile  industry  experienced  robust  growth  in  FY  2025,  with  domestic  
sales increasing by 7.3% to reach 2,56,07,391 units. The agriculture sector demonstrated resilience, growing at 3.5% in FY 2025, supported by 
targeted government policies aimed at enhancing productivity, promoting crop diversification and increasing rural incomes. The financial sector 
remained stable, characterised by healthy credit expansion aligned with deposit growth, indicating a conducive lending environment. Asset 
quality improved significantly, with Gross Non-Performing Assets (GNPAs) of Scheduled Commercial Banks falling to a 12-year low of 2.6% by 
September 2024.
In FY 2025, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) exceeded its construction target by completing 5,614 km of National Highways and 
achieved record capital expenditure of around Rs. 2,50,000 crores, marking significant growth over previous years. India has witnessed a sharp 
acceleration in digital payments, signalling a continued move toward a cashless economy. UPI transactions have witnessed a remarkable increase 
in recent years, with the total transaction value growing from Rs. 21.3 lakh crore in FY 2020 to Rs. 213.8 lakh crore by January 2025. This surge in 
digital transactions is driving greater financial inclusion, enhancing transparency and contributing to the formalisation of the Indian economy.
OUTLOOK
India’s economy is projected to grow steadily at 6.5% in FY 2026, maintaining the momentum of the previous year and reaffirming its position 
as the world’s fastest-growing major economy. This growth is underpinned by progressive policies, strong infrastructure investment and rapid 
digital  adoption,  reflecting  the  country’s  commitment  to  inclusive  and  innovation-driven  development.  While  recent  tariff  measures  have  
supported domestic industries by reducing import dependence and boosting local demand, they have also challenged export-led sectors by 
impacting competitiveness and market access. Despite global headwinds and geopolitical uncertainties, India’s outlook remains robust, with 
growth expected to outpace the global average. Government initiatives to expand access to affordable, quality healthcare are improving social 
equity and workforce productivity, while continued investments in infrastructure, renewable energy and digital transformation are driving long-
term growth and strengthening India’s global economic standing.
Source:
1.                https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2097921#:~:text=The%20Survey%20observes%20that%20stability,of%20gross%20loans%20
and%20advances.- GNPA
2.                https://www.mospi.gov.in/sites/default/files/press_release/PRESS-NOTE-ON-SAE-2024-25-Q3-2024-25-FRE-2023-24-and-FE-2022-23-M1.pdf
3.                https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleaseIframePage.aspx?PRID=2120509
4. https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2098357
5.                https://www.siam.in/pressrelease-details.aspx?mpgid=48&pgidtrail=50&pid=579
6. https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2117781
7. https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2126119
8. https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2114840

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
68
Industry Overview
INDIAN HEALTH INSURANCE SECTOR
Overview
Health  is  a  major  factor  that  affects  the  economy  of  densely  populated  countries  like  India.  According  to  the  Insurance  Regulatory  and  
Development Authority of India (IRDAI), approximately 573 million individuals in India had health insurance coverage in FY 2024, a significant rise 
from 288 million in FY 2015. Despite this growth, overall insurance penetration remained modest at 40–42% in FY 2024. This figure is projected 
to increase to 45–50% by FY 2026. Health insurance is emerging as a key driver of growth in the healthcare sector. As coverage expands, with 
an estimated 45–50% of the population expected to be insured by FY 2026, access to quality healthcare is likely to improve, driving greater 
demand for medical services.
Source: CRISIL March 2025 Report
Distribution of various insurance businesses by population (in million)
56
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
53
52
256
199
162
89
261
298
307
343
362
357
359
335
273
214
155
149161
45-50%
40-42%
39%
38%
38%
37%
36%
37%
34%
28%
23%
17%
17%
17%
FY24FY26 
(P)
FY23FY22FY21FY20FY19FY18FY17FY16FY15FY14FY13FY12
119
94
73
71
57
48
5343
42
33322925272421
343430
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
Individual business
Government-sponsored schemes
Group (other than Govt business)
Coverage (RHS)
Health insurance premiums continue to represent the largest share of the non-life insurance sector, despite a moderation in growth following 
the introduction of the 1/n rule. Standalone Health Insurers (SAHIs) have consistently outperformed the broader health insurance segment, 
contributing to a rise in the segment’s market share from 35.3% in FY 2023 to 38.6% in FY 2025. Total premiums for the health segment increased 
from  Rs.  90,667.7  crores  in  FY  2023  to  Rs.  1,09,006.5  crores  in  FY  2024,  reflecting  a  robust  year-on-year  growth  of  20.2%.  This  upward  trend  
continued in FY 2025, with premiums reaching Rs. 1,18,687.9 crores, marking a further 8.9% growth over the previous year.
As per the IMARC Group, India’s health insurance market was valued at USD 145.0 billion in 2024 and is expected to grow to USD 308.0 billion by 
2033, registering a CAGR of 8.70% from 2025 to 2033. Growth is being driven by rising medical costs, the increasing prevalence of lifestyle-related 
diseases, heightened awareness and strong performance in regions like North and South India. These areas benefit from superior healthcare 
infrastructure, broader corporate coverage, rising insurance penetration, supportive government initiatives and growing digital adoption.
Indian Travel Insurance Sector
The India travel insurance market was valued at USD 1,329.40 million in 
2024 and is projected to reach USD 6,556.00 million by 2033, growing 
at a CAGR of 17.30% between 2025 and 2033. This growth is driven 
by  increasing  outbound  and  domestic  tourism,  rising  awareness  of  
travel-related  risks  and  growing  disposable  incomes.  Travellers  are  
shifting from basic policies to comprehensive coverage that includes 
protection  against  trip  cancellations,  baggage  loss,  flight  delays  
and  adventure  sports.  The  surge  in  medical  costs  abroad  has  also  
encouraged international visitors to opt for higher medical coverage. 
Furthermore,  62%  of  Indian  travellers  purchasing  insurance  in  2024  
sought coverage for destinations across Asia and the UAE, indicating 
strong demand in popular travel hubs like Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia 
and the UAE.
Source: http://imarcgroup.com/india-health-insurance-market
https://www.careratings.com/uploads/newsfiles/1745386639_Non-Life%20Insurance%20Update%20for%20March%202025.pdf
Crisil March 2025 Report
Indian Travel Insurance Market Size (in USD million)
Source: IMARC
20332024
1,329.4
6,556.0
CAGR - 17.3% 

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
69
2033
The rise of digital platforms has further accelerated market growth by enabling travellers to easily compare, purchase and manage insurance 
policies. Insurers are increasingly leveraging AI and data analytics to offer personalised and flexible plans catering to diverse traveller segments, 
including students, senior citizens and frequent travellers. Additionally, expanding partnerships between insurers and travel service providers are 
enhancing product offerings and customer experience. These factors collectively position the India travel insurance market for robust growth 
in the coming years, supported by evolving consumer preferences and technological advancements.
Indian Accident Insurance Sector
India’s accident insurance sector is witnessing a gradual yet steady expansion, fuelled by rising awareness around personal risk coverage and an 
increasing focus on financial protection. In FY 2026, the personal accident insurance premium stood at approximately Rs. 4,510 crores, reflecting 
a year-on-year growth of 3.77%. The sector is expected to maintain this trajectory, with premiums projected to reach nearly Rs. 5,173 crores 
by FY 2028, indicating a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 3.45%. Government-backed initiatives such as the Pradhan Mantri 
Suraksha Bima Yojana (PMSBY ) have played a pivotal role in promoting accident insurance adoption by offering low-cost coverage to individuals 
across socio-economic segments, particularly those in rural and underserved areas.
However, despite these gains, significant gaps remain in accident insurance penetration. A large proportion of India’s population, particularly 
in informal and unorganised sectors, still lacks adequate protection against accidental injuries or fatalities. Moreover, nearly half of the country’s 
vehicles remain uninsured, exposing road users to substantial risk in the event of accidents. Addressing this coverage deficit requires targeted 
awareness campaigns, simplified policy issuance and claims processes and the development of customised products tailored to regional and 
occupational risk profiles. By bridging these gaps, the Indian accident insurance market holds strong potential to emerge as a critical pillar of 
the broader personal insurance ecosystem.
India's General Insurance Industry
India’s general insurance industry continues to evolve as a critical pillar of the country’s financial and social security framework, marked by steady 
growth and far-reaching reforms. In FY 2025, the industry reported a 6.2% year-on-year increase in Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI), with 
the health insurance segment maintaining its leadership position. The general insurance industry surpassed the Rs. 3 lakh crore milestone in 
FY 2025, marking a significant expansion in scale. While growth was moderate compared to earlier years, this was largely due to the adoption of 
the 1/n rule ensuring more accurate revenue recognition by spreading premium income from multi-year policies over their duration along with 
tempered passenger vehicle (PV ) sales and softness in commercial insurance segments. Encouragingly, the strong performance of Standalone 
Private Health Insurers (SAHIs) provided a boost, helping to balance the overall industry performance.
InsurersFY 2024FY 2025FY 2024 GrowthFY 2025 Growth
Public General Insurers90,252.195,196.08.9
5.5
Specialised PSU Insurers11,190.411,106.5-29.3
-0.7
Private General Insurers1,55,090.51,62,895.717.5
5.0
SAHI33,119.338,413.626.2
16.0
Total2,89,652.33,07,611.812.86.2
Source: CareEdge
The sector is undergoing transformative changes to realise the vision of "Insurance for All by 2047." Regulatory reforms, including the introduction 
of a master circular, have focussed on enhancing customer-centricity through simplified product structures, streamlined claims processes and 
greater transparency. The Union Budget 2025 further accelerated this momentum by raising the FDI cap in insurance from 74% to 100%, a move 
expected to attract global capital and expertise.
Medical Tourism
Medical tourism, also known as medical travel or global healthcare, refers to the growing practice of traveling internationally to obtain medical 
treatments  ranging  from  elective  procedures  to  complex  surgeries.  India  has  emerged  as  a  leading  global  destination  for  medical  tourism,  
offering  high-quality  healthcare  at  affordable  costs.  With  modern  hospitals,  skilled  professionals  and  a  strong  tradition  of  wellness  through  
Ayurveda and Yoga, the country attracts international patients seeking treatments ranging from cardiac surgeries and joint replacements to 
cosmetic and dental procedures. India’s advantages include English-speaking medical staff and robust clinical capabilities, making it a preferred 
choice for patients from Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
Government support continues to boost the sector through simplified visa policies, medical tourism zones and public-private partnerships. The 
Union Budget FY 2026 reinforces this momentum with initiatives like “Heal in India” to elevate India’s global standing. Following a 66% rebound 
in 2021, the industry grew an estimated 15% in 2024, surpassing pre-pandemic levels with 7.3 lakhs inbound medical travellers, who accounted 
for 7.8% of all foreign tourist arrivals from January to July 2024.
Source: https://www.imarcgroup.com/india-travel-insurance-market#:~:text=India%20Travel%20Insurance%20Market%20Overview,17.30%25%20during%20
2025%2D2033.
Source: https://www.reportlinker.com/dataset/c34cb68899a72f837fa2e50d65675e8b9c7b06a0/
Source:https://www.careratings.com/uploads/newsfiles/1745386639_Non-Life%20Insurance%20Update%20for%20March%202025.pdf
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleaseIframePage.aspx?PRID=2098353

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
70
*Note: includes all types of medical and medical attendant visa; 
#
includes medical visa and medical attendant visa.
Source: CRISIL March 2025 Report
Growth in medical tourists*
202420232022202120202019201820172016*2015
#
2014*20132012201120102009
Medical Tourists (in million)
Medical Tourists (P)
0.43
0.64
0.48
0.30
0.18
0.70
56
0.64
0.49
0.43
0.23
0.18
0.24
0.17
0.14
0.16
0.11
0.29-0.31
Full due
to
COVID-19
CAGR: 20%
India’s Medical Value Travel (MVT ) sector is experiencing robust growth, with the market projected to rise from USD 2.89 billion in 2020 to USD 
13.42 billion by 2026. This surge is fuelled by a growing number of international patients seeking high-quality, cost-effective medical care. India 
offers advanced tertiary and quaternary treatment for complex chronic and non-communicable diseases, along with specialised services in 
cardiology,  orthopaedics,  neurosciences  and  oncology.  The  country’s  comprehensive  offerings  also  include  rehabilitation,  functional  health  
therapies and holistic wellness practices, reinforcing its position as a premier global healthcare destination.
Primary Growth Factors in Health Insurance
India's overall insurance penetration remains significantly lower than the global average of 7, which rose from 6.8% in 2022. Insurance penetration 
in India peaked at 4.2% during the pandemic in 2021-22. The health insurance sector’s expansion is propelled by several fundamental factors 
that are reshaping market dynamics and creating new opportunities for growth. The major growth factors include:
Heightened Health Awareness and Escalating Medical Cost: India’s healthcare landscape is shifting, with growing health awareness amid 
surging medical costs driven by inflation, advanced treatments and rising non-communicable diseases putting significant financial strain on 
households. With over 60% of healthcare spending paid out-of-pocket and insurance covering only a third of the population, many families 
remain financially exposed during medical emergencies. This situation underscores the urgent need for broader health insurance penetration, 
as comprehensive policies can shield individuals from catastrophic expenses and promote timely medical care.
Technology-led Innovation: Healthcare insurance growth is driven by simple, innovative products, smooth customer experiences and tech-
enabled risk and claims management. At the same time, expanding market penetration and maintaining profitability present both key challenges 
and promising opportunities for the industry.
Grow Through Collaboration:  Strategic  partnerships  and  ecosystem  development  are  key  enablers  of  growth  in  the  evolving  insurance  
landscape. Collaborations with government bodies, financial institutions, banks, fintechs and healthcare providers play a pivotal role in expanding 
reach, enhancing service delivery, managing costs and encouraging innovation across the insurance value chain.
Sustainability and affordability: The health insurance market is growing, driven by rising consumer awareness and escalating healthcare 
costs that underscore the value of coverage. To improve affordability, insurers are introducing innovative offerings like micro-insurance and 
customised  group  policies  tailored  to  specific  needs  and  budgets.  High  acquisition  costs  and  complex  distribution  remain  key  challenges,  
underscoring the need for cost-effective strategies to boost reach, retention and inclusivity.
Expansion  into  Tier-2  and  Tier-3  Cities:  Private  healthcare  providers  are  increasingly  venturing  into  Tier-2  and  Tier-3  cities,  propelled  by  
growing  disposable  incomes  and  substantial  unmet  healthcare  demand  in  these  regions.  Major  hospital  chains  are  adapting  their  pricing  
models to align with the local economic context, while continuing to offer advanced super-specialty services in metros and Tier-1 cities. This 
dual strategy is enabling the creation of a robust, integrated healthcare network that bridges urban and semi-urban areas. This will aid wider 
acceptance of insurance in these regions.
Source: https://pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2082732
https://pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2099519

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
71
Innovative Product Solutions: Innovative products tailored to specific needs, such as long-term health insurance linked to savings schemes, 
can boost health insurance penetration especially among youngsters and women. Additionally, tax relief on premiums will lower the financial 
burden on low-income groups, unorganised workers and retirees, encouraging broader adoption of health insurance.
Changing  Distribution:  Insurers  are  blending  traditional  and  digital  distribution  channels  to  expand  reach,  reduce  costs  and  streamline  
processes. Consumers increasingly prefer exploring products and using automated services online, while still valuing human support for queries 
and claims.
Key IRDAI Regulations
IRDAI has introduced key regulations to boost transparency, simplify products, encourage innovation and expand insurance reach.
Inclusive Health Insurance: No Upper Age Limit: IRDAI has mandated that all health insurers offer at least one policy without an upper age 
limit, removing the previous cap of 65 years. This regulation boosts inclusivity by helping senior’s access comprehensive health insurance and 
improve their financial security. The reform seeks to establish a fairer health insurance market where age does not limit access to quality coverage.
Pre-existing Disease (PED) Waiting Period Lowered to 3 Years: According to IRDAI, the maximum waiting period for coverage of pre-
existing diseases in health insurance has been reduced from 4 years to 3 years. This change allows policyholders to claim treatment expenses 
for conditions like diabetes and hypertension after a maximum of 3 years. Additionally, insurers will no longer be permitted to deny claims 
related to pre-existing diseases once this period has elapsed.
Adjustment in Waiting Period for Specific Diseases: Under the revised IRDAI guidelines on health insurance, the waiting period for specific 
ailments and procedures such as joint replacement surgeries has been standardised and reduced to three years. This change offers a significant 
benefit to patients, enabling them to undergo essential treatments earlier with financial backing from their insurers.
Enhanced  Coverage  for  Critical  Medical  Conditions:  The  updated  IRDAI  guidelines  mandate  that  insurers  cannot  deny  coverage  to  
individuals  with  serious  conditions  like  heart  disease,  cancer,  renal  failure,  or  AIDS.  While  subject  to  underwriting  and  waiting  periods,  this  
ensures greater access to health insurance for high-risk individuals.
Shortened Moratorium Period: The moratorium period during which insurers can contest claims due to nondisclosure has been reduced 
to five years, strengthening trust between policyholders and insurers. After this period, claims cannot be challenged except in cases of proven 
fraud, offering policyholders greater assurance and long-term security.
Tailored Plans for Specific Groups: Insurers are encouraged to develop tailored health insurance products that specifically address the needs 
of children, seniors, students and maternity cases. This approach ensures that the diverse health requirements across different life stages and 
circumstances are effectively met.
Cashless Treatment Framework and Reimbursement Norms: Insurers must keep an updated list of empanelled hospitals and providers 
eligible for cashless claims. Additionally, they must establish clear and transparent guidelines for processing reimbursement claims for treatments 
received outside the approved network.
Support for Multiple Claims under Various Policies: The 2025 IRDAI guidelines allow policyholders with benefit-based policies to file claims 
with multiple insurers, increasing flexibility. This change enhances financial support during medical emergencies and helps policyholders better 
manage healthcare costs. These reforms aim to create a more inclusive and accessible health insurance environment for all age groups in India.
Tailored Health Insurance Plans for Specific Demographics: Insurers are now urged to offer tailored health plans for groups like children, 
seniors, students and those needing maternity cover. This initiative recognises the diverse healthcare requirements that arise at different life 
stages and under specific conditions, promoting a more personalised and need-based approach to health insurance coverage.
Government Initiatives and Key Regulatory Developments
Government  health  insurance  schemes  in  India  play  a  vital  role  in  promoting  equitable  access  to  affordable  healthcare  by  alleviating  the  
financial strain of medical costs, especially for economically disadvantaged groups, through initiatives led by both central and state authorities.
Source: https://www.business-standard.com/finance/insurance/irdai-annual-report-2023-24-insurance-penetration-decline-124122500470_1.html
https://www.expresshealthcare.in/news/indian-health-insurance-a-shifting-landscape/445736/#:~:text=In%20a%20game%20where%20the,and%20delays%20
in%20patient%20care.
https://neosciencehub.com/indian-corporate-healthcare-sector-on-track-for-15-growth-in-fy26/#:~:text=The%20Indian%20corporate%20healthcare%20
sector,Research%20(Ind%2DRa).&text=Several%20factors%20are%20converging%20to,hospitals%2C%20particularly%20in%20urban%20areas.
Source: IRDAI

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
72
The  Union  Budget  for  FY  2026  reinforces  the  Government  of  India’s  commitment  to  enhancing  healthcare,  with  an  increased  allocation  of   
Rs. 99,859 crores an 11% rise from the previous year. Key initiatives include exemptions for 37 additional drugs, the launch of 13 patient assistance 
programmes, support for medical tourism under the Heal in India initiative and the extension of broadband connectivity to rural health centres 
through BharatNet. These measures aim to improve healthcare access, affordability and infrastructure across the country.
From FY 2015 to FY 2022, government health spending increased from 29.0% to 48.0%, while out-of-pocket expenses dropped from 62.6% 
to 39.4%. Backed by ongoing investments, supportive policies and innovation, India is poised to become a global leader in digital healthcare. 
Enhanced data sharing, strong public-private partnerships and scalable service models are positioning the country to set new standards in 
digital health innovation, as recognised by the World Economic Forum.
Strengthening Healthcare Infrastructure and Reducing Costs: The healthcare sector's key priorities include establishing 200 Day Care 
Cancer Centres and upgrading district hospitals to enhance both accessibility and the quality of care. Additionally, expanding Basic Customs Duty 
exemptions on life-saving drugs and medical equipment aims to reduce treatment costs and encourage domestic manufacturing, supporting 
the broader goal of affordable and efficient healthcare delivery.
Strategic  Public  Health  and  Allied  Sector  Programmes:  The  National  Health  Mission  (NHM)  budget  saw  a  modest  3%  increase  to  
approximately Rs. 37,227 crores in FY 2026, reflecting steady support for primary healthcare. Building on this momentum, the National Organ 
Transplant Programme’s allocation rose significantly by 50% to Rs. 15 crores, while the National Tele Mental Health Programme experienced an 
even larger boost of 77%, reaching Rs. 80 crores.
Department of Health Research (DHR): The Department of Health Research’s budget for FY 2026 increased by 15% to about Rs. 3,901 crores, 
supporting health research centres and infrastructure. The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) received Rs. 3,126 crores, a 9% rise from 
last year. Funding for biosecurity, pandemic research and the One Health platform surged 87%, rising from Rs. 187 crores to Rs. 350 crores.
Healthcare Infrastructure Development: The Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY ) received almost 15%  increase to help set 
up 22 new AIIMS hospitals and upgrade 75 government medical colleges. In the last ten years, 1,10,000 new medical seats were added, growing 
by 130%. Next year, 10,000 more seats are planned as part of a five-year target to add 75,000 new seats.
Human Resources for Health: The budget for human resources in health and medical education has surged by 189%, rising from approximately 
Rs. 579 crores in FY 2025 to around Rs. 1,675 crores in FY 2026, with a particular emphasis on the nursing sector.
Ministry of AYUSH and Other Allied Programmes: The Ministry of AYUSH has been allocated an increased budget of approximately Rs. 3,993 
crores for FY 2026, marking nearly a 14% rise from Rs. 3,498 crores in the previous year. Funding for the Swachh Bharat Mission (Urban) has more 
than doubled to Rs. 5,000 crores. The Jal Jeevan Mission will continue until 2028, aiming to ensure universal access to clean drinking water, 
thereby significantly reducing the incidence of food and waterborne diseases.
Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY): The AB-PMJAY budget increased by nearly 24%, rising from Rs. 7,606 
crores in FY 2025 to Rs. 9,406 crores in FY 2026, which has enhanced access to affordable healthcare and reduced out-of-pocket expenses. As a 
result, over 369 million Ayushman Cards have been issued by March 2025. Coverage was further extended in March 2024 to include 3.7 million 
ASHAs, Anganwadi workers, helpers and their families, while from October 2024, nearly 60 million senior citizens aged 70 and above became 
eligible for free treatment benefits up to Rs. 5 lakhs annually.
Pradhan Mantri Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission (PM-ABHIM): Launched with a total budget of Rs. 64,180 crores for 
2021–2026, the mission focusses on strengthening health infrastructure and emergency preparedness. By 3 December, 2024, it supported the 
construction of 17,788 Sub-Centres, 11,024 Urban Health & Wellness Centres (Ayushman Arogya Mandirs), 3,382 Block Public Health Units, 730 
Integrated Public Health Labs and 602 Critical Care Hospital Blocks.
Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM): Launched in September 2021, the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM) aims to build a 
unified  digital  health  ecosystem.  As  of  6  February,  2025,  over  739.8  million  health  accounts  have  been  created,  linking  490.6  million  health  
records.  The  Health  Facility  Registry  includes  3,63,000+  facilities  and  the  Healthcare  Professional  Registry  covers  over  5,64,000  professionals,  
with 1,59,000+ facilities using ABDM-enabled software. ABDM’s funding rose 51% to Rs. 340 crores, reflecting the government’s commitment 
to enhancing health infrastructure and digital health.
PE Investment in the Heath Care and its Impact: Since 2020, India’s healthcare sector has emerged as a strong magnet for investors, 
attracting US$14.5 billion in PE/VC investments, with 58% of the inflows recorded in 2023 and 2024. The sector’s growth has been led by 
hospitals and clinics, which accounted for 60% of investments and 55% of all deals, underscoring the confidence of investors in the sector’s 
ability to scale and deliver healthy returns. 
The exit environment has been equally encouraging, with US$8.8 billion realised since 2020, led by hospitals and clinics at 76%. Rising demand 
for  quality  healthcare,  growing  awareness,  and  the  sector’s  resilience  have  positioned  India  as  a  highly  attractive  destination  for  long-term  
healthcare  investments.  The  pandemic  further  strengthened  this  momentum  by  accelerating  demand  for  hospitals,  medical  devices,  and  
wellness solutions, while also opening new opportunities for start-ups focused on innovation. With strong fundamentals and vast untapped 
potential, India’s healthcare sector is set to continue delivering sustainable growth and value for both investors and society.
Source: https://www.ey.com/en_in/newsroom/2025/04/pe-vc-investments-in-india-reach-us-dollor-13-point-7-billion-across-284-deals-in-1q-2025

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
73
Company Overview
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited (hereafter referred to as ‘The Company’ or ‘Star Health’) has maintained its leadership position 
as the largest standalone health insurer in India. The Company has retained its leading position among private health insurers, securing a retail 
market share of 33% during the year under review. Star Health, as of 31 March, 2025, had a branch network that was 3 times larger than the 
second-largest non-public health insurance provider.
Star Health, as of 31 March, 2025, has an extensive distribution network comprising 913 health insurance branches and over 2,000+ customer 
touchpoints, covering 25 states and 5 Union Territories in India. The Company’s existing branches are further supported by a widespread network 
of over 1,000 + Sales Managers Stations (SMS) and 8,800+ Sales Managers.
Star Health has successfully expanded its reach across India, covering 724 out of over 19101 PIN codes through its wide-reaching sales distribution 
network. Star Health has also received significant contributions to its total premium income (GWP) from banks and other corporate agents. The 
Company’s other distribution channels include direct online sales through telemarketing and its website, brokers, insurance marketing firms 
and web aggregators. Star Health has achieved a notable distinction by operating with the lowest Expense of Management (EOM), maintaining 
a figure well below the IRDAI-mandated limit of 35% during FY 2025. The Company's continued excellence demonstrates its commitment to 
achieving exceptional performance in the healthcare industry.
In accordance with the IRDAI (Actuarial, Finance and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulation, 2024 and Master Circular thereon dated  
17 May, 2024, with effect from 1 October, 2024 the Company has given effect to recognise gross written premium on a 1/n basis where “n” 
denotes the policy duration and the numbers denoted below are on “n” basis in comparison with prior periods.
Star Health has the largest agency network, marked by the highest agent productivity among all SAHI companies. The Company distributes 
health insurance policies primarily through individual agents, who contributed over 81% of its Gross Written Premium (GWP) in FY 2025. The 
Company’s total number of individual agents grew from 7 lakhs in FY 2024 to 7.8 lakhs in FY 2025.
The Company’s additional distribution channels include direct online sales, brokers, insurance marketing firms and web aggregators. Star Health 
agency distribution channel also incorporates corporate agent banks and other corporate agents, contributing Rs. 8,932.2 million and Rs. 320.9 
million, respectively, to the Company’s Gross Written Premium (GWP) in FY 2025.
The Company offers a diverse range of coverage options, including retail health, group health, personal accidents and overseas travel, which 
constituted 91.5%, 7.3%, 1.1% and 0.1% of the total Gross Written Premium (GWP) in FY 2025.
The Company tailors its product offerings to a wide spectrum of customers, including individuals, families, students, senior citizens and those 
with pre-existing medical conditions. The Company’s strategy is designed to effectively serve the broader middle-class consumer base. The 
Company has consistently maintained market leadership in the non-public health insurance sector for new branch openings over the past 
few years, demonstrating sustained growth.
The Company has implemented various strategies to enhance its operational efficiency and financial performance. The Company has realigned 
its group strategy, emphasising profitability through the adoption of stringent underwriting guidelines. Star Health has also introduced a risk-
based pricing mechanism to ensure a more strategic approach to pricing. The Company has recalibrated its portability strategy to optimise 
flexibility for policyholders. The Company has consistently expanded its hospital network and engaged in negotiations to secure favourable 
pricing arrangements with network partners. The Company has taken concerted efforts to increase the share of higher sum insured policies, 
offering enhanced coverage options. The Company’s initiatives collectively reflect its commitment to sustainable growth and financial resilience.
FY 2025 Business Highlights
Star Health sustained strong momentum in its core retail business in FY 2025, driven by a 24.7% increase in fresh retail Gross Written Premium 
(GWP). The Company achieved this growth through enhanced agent productivity, focussed marketing efforts and accelerated digital adoption. 
Star Health launched the “Superstar” policy as a key growth catalyst, generating over Rs. 580 crores in GWP.
The Company positioned this product as a digital frontrunner, offering 21 optional covers and unique features such as “Freeze Your Age” and 
“Limitless Care,” which appealed to customers for their flexibility, wellness focus and compelling pricing.
The Company expanded policy issuance by 6%, driven by an 11% increase in new policies and 5% growth in renewals.
Star  Health  built  on  this  momentum  to  deliver  a  15.1%  YoY  increase  in  total  GWP,  supported  by  a  24.3%  rise  in  fresh  business  and  a  12.5%  
growth in renewals.
The Company’s growth was reflected by a diversified distribution strategy anchored in four key channels:
Agency Business: The agency channel continued to be the cornerstone of Star Health’s operations, contributing 82% to the overall gross 
written premium during FY 2025. Fresh business from this channel recorded a robust 16% YoY growth. During the year, the Company added 
74,000 new agents, increasing the total agent count to 7.75 lakhs. Over the next three years, Star Health aims to expand this network to 1 
million agents. This expansion remains a key lever in the Company’s strategy to deepen insurance penetration, particularly in non-metro cities 
and emerging towns.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
74
Banca  Assurance  Channel:  The  Banca  channel  contributed  7%  to  the  Company’s  business  in  FY  2025,  with  a  13%  YoY  increase  in  fresh  
business. Star Health benefits from a strong network of over 20,000 partner bank branches. However, growth in this segment moderated due 
to regulatory shifts, as banks focussed more on core products and compliance in light of the “1 by n” guideline. Despite this, indemnity-based 
health insurance continues to be a priority product in this channel, meeting rising healthcare awareness and demand.
Corporate  Business:  The  corporate  segment,  focussed  on  serving  micro,  small  and  medium  enterprises  (MSMEs),  contributed  3%  to  Star  
Health’s overall portfolio in FY 2025. Fresh business from this segment grew by 21% YoY. The Company’s proprietary SME calculator enhanced 
agent productivity and business generation within the SME and MSME segments, reflecting Star Health’s growing relevance in this ecosystem.
Digital Business: The digital segment accounted for 8% of the Company’s total business in FY 2025, supported by strong momentum across 
direct-to-consumer platforms and digital partners. Star Health’s own online channel contributed 72% of the digital business, while the remaining 
28%  came  from  online  brokers  and  web  aggregators.  The  segment  witnessed  a  remarkable  71%  growth  in  fresh  business,  underlining  the  
increasing adoption of digital channels.
Star Health, under IND AS, has a combined ratio of 101.1%, compared to 97.3% in FY 2024. The Company saw an increase in its claims ratio to 
70.7%, while achieving a marginal improvement in its expense ratio to 30.4%. Star Health reported investment income of Rs. 1,260 crores, up 
from Rs. 1,171 crores in the previous year, delivering a yield of 7.7%. The Company’s investment assets rose by 15.5% to Rs. 17,889 crores. The 
Company’s profit before tax stood at Rs. 1,054 crores and profit after tax at Rs. 787 crores, compared to Rs. 1,480 crores and Rs. 1,103 crores 
respectively in FY 2024. Star Health delivered a return on equity of 9.5% and maintained a strong solvency ratio of 2.21 times, comfortably above 
regulatory requirements.
In FY 2025, Star Health demonstrated its commitment to inclusive healthcare by launching India’s first health insurance policy in Braille for the 
visually impaired. Marking significant progress in customer satisfaction, Star Health’s overall Net Promoter Score (NPS) improved to 54 in FY 2025 
from 42 in FY 2024, while the claims NPS rose to 55 from 47. Operational efficiencies also improved, with 96% of cashless claims processed within 
3 hours and the claim rejection rate reduced to 10% from 13% in FY 2024. Preventive health checks saw a 48% increase and the Company’s 
home healthcare services expanded to 156 cities. Star Health achieved 2.53% savings in claims outgo. Digital engagement also strengthened, 
with app downloads rising to 1 crore from 57 lakhs in FY 2024.
Additionally, the Company undertook repricing for five products, covering approximately 60% of its portfolio, to ensure continued affordability 
and sustainability.
Star Health faced headwinds from a challenging claims environment. The Company’s overall claims ratio increased to 70.3%, reflecting a higher 
frequency and severity of hospitalisations and surgical procedures. Star Health experienced a rise in the group segment’s loss ratio from 77.3% 
to  89.8%,  despite  its  smaller  portfolio  size.  The  Company  responded  by  recalibrating  its  group  business  strategy,  successfully  reducing  the  
segment’s GWP contribution from 9% in Quarter 2 FY 2025 to 7% in Quarter 4 FY 2025.
Star Health has marked FY 2026 as the “Year of the Customer,” with a sharp focus on strengthening underwriting practices and adopting smarter 
pricing models that incorporate discounts based on claims behaviour- to drive affordability and enhance customer experience. Tailored health 
insurance products will be introduced for Gen Z, early earners, senior citizens, and underserved regions, in line with emerging health trends 
and regional needs.
Through  a  Digital-First  Execution  approach,  the  company  aims  to  elevate  service  delivery  via  AI-enabled  claim  pre-authorisation,  real-time  
processing,  and  an  expanded  suite  of  self-service  options  on  its  mobile  app.  Moving  beyond  transactional  engagement,  Star  Health  is  
transitioning to a transformational service model, underpinned by referral-led growth, loyalty programmes, and faster turnaround times. Every 
customer touchpoint will reflect the Company’s vision of making health insurance more personal, inclusive, and future-ready.
Governance Framework | ESG Focus
In  2024,  Star  Health  was  distinguished  as  India’s  most  sustainable  insurer  by  the  S&P  Global  Corporate  Sustainability  Assessment  (CSA),  
underscoring  its  unwavering  commitment  to  ESG  excellence.  The  Company  attained  the  prestigious  Indian  Green  Building  Council  (IGBC)  
Platinum Rating for its Corporate Office interiors and secured ISO 9001:2015 certification for its robust quality management systems.
Building on this foundation, Star Health has significantly advanced its environmental efforts. The company has procured Bureau of Energy and 
Efficiency (BEE) 3-star and above rated appliances, ensuring energy-efficient operations. Additionally, Star Health has obtained carbon offset 
certificates for efficient IT purchases, demonstrating a commitment to reducing its carbon footprint. The company ensures responsible e-waste 
disposal through authorised vendors, promoting sustainable waste management practices. By transitioning to e-claims for renewals, Star Health 
has reduced paper usage and enhanced operational efficiency. Furthermore, the implementation of smart energy management systems and 
water management has optimised resource use and minimised environmental impact.
As part of our social initiatives, Star Health Insurance proudly launched India’s first insurance policy in Braille, Star Special Care Gold, empowering 
the visually impaired community with accessible insurance options. In 2024, we also introduced the "Faces of Star Health" campaign, celebrating 

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
75
our  employees  and  earning  the  “Great  Indian  Employee  Engagement  Strategy  of  the  Year”  award.  Additionally,  our  “FIT  FEST”  Journey,  a  
comprehensive health programme, saw 2,326 participants engage in activities such as Zumba, Gym Challenges, Cycle Marathons, Yoga, and 
healthy eating initiatives, promoting overall well-being. We also achieved over 1.5 lakh enrolments in our wellness programmes, launched nine 
programmes for chronic conditions, and introduced the HER Health initiative for women’s wellness, along with Mind and Body programmes. 
We launched "Star Health on Wheels," mobile clinics providing free basic health check-ups in district areas of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. 
Star Arogya Digi Seva aimed at benefiting individuals from low economic backgrounds by addressing no communicable diseases in vulnerable 
communities across 74 villages and raising awareness on health-seeking behaviour to save lives.
Star Health strengthened its governance framework by updating key policies, including the Code of Conduct, Whistle blower Policy, Anti-Fraud 
Policy, Anti-Money Laundering Policy, Sustainable Financial Inclusion Policy, and Human Rights Policy, ensuring robust compliance, transparency, 
and ethical business practices across operations.
Star Health was rated India’s most sustainable insurer by S&P Global, earning an impressive ESG score of 53.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Star Health has established a comprehensive risk management process to safeguard its business operations. The Company ensures that business 
leaders across departments proactively identify and address critical risks within their respective areas, implementing appropriate mitigation 
strategies  as  required.  Star  Health  regularly  monitors  the  risk  environment,  along  with  the  effectiveness  and  status  of  mitigation  plans.  The  
Company  operates  each  department  in  alignment  with  standard  operating  procedures  and  a  regularly  updated  business  continuity  plan  
to ensure the sustained effectiveness of its risk controls. Star Health has adopted robust risk assessment frameworks, identified key risk areas 
and developed comprehensive mitigation strategies. The Company continuously manages and monitors risks to maintain strong operational 
resilience and protect shareholder value. Star Health proactive approach to risk management reflects its commitment to long-term success 
and adaptability in a dynamic business and regulatory environment.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Company has established an internal control system that is commensurate with the size, scale, and complexity of its operations, which is 
designed to provide reasonable assurance on:
• the reliability of financial reporting,
• compliance with applicable laws, regulations,
• safeguarding of assets, and
• operational efficiency and effectiveness.
The  Company’s  internal  control  environment  is  based  on  the  control  framework  comprising  defined  policies  and  procedures,  roles  and  
responsibilities, and delegation of authority. This environment facilitates identification, assessment, and mitigation of risks across business functions.
The Internal Audit Department is independent and reports directly to the Audit Committee. Based on the annual audit plan approved by the 
Audit Committee, it conducts regular audits across business and support functions to evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
controls. It employs Risk and Controls Matrices (RACM) to document key risks, associated controls and action plans. Additionally, it conducts 
monitoring activities periodically to strengthen and enhance the effectiveness of the internal control system. Every quarter, a report detailing 
identified risks, along with management action plans and remediation timelines, is presented to the Audit Committee for review.
Further, the Audit Committee performs an oversight role in ensuring the integrity of the financial reporting process and the internal control systems.
The  Committee  reviews  the  adequacy  of  internal  controls,  significant  audit  observations,  risk  management  practices,  and  compliance  with  
laws and regulations on a quarterly basis.
HUMAN RESOURCES
Star Health empowers its workforce by aligning training initiatives with individual skill sets. The Company recognises the critical role employee 
quality in achieving organisational success. The Company prioritises the availability of accurate information and effective strategies to continuously 
enhance and modernise its HR processes, thereby supporting overall business growth. Star Health grants employees the authority and flexibility 
to adapt to evolving technological landscapes. The Company conducted a range of training programmes throughout the year, covering areas 
such as technical skills, behavioural development, business excellence, general and advanced management, leadership, customer orientation, 
safety, values and the code of conduct. Star Health, as of 31 March, 2025, had a workforce of 15,816 employees.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
The  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  section  includes  the  Company’s  objectives,  projections,  estimates  and  expectations,  which  may  
constitute forward-looking statements under applicable laws and regulations. These statements may differ materially from actual results, whether 
expressed or implied. Important factors that could influence the Company’s operations include the availability and pricing of raw materials, 
cyclical demand and pricing trends in the Company’s core markets, changes in government regulations and tax policies, fluctuations in foreign 
exchange markets, economic developments within India and in countries where the Company operates, as well as other incidental factors.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
76
NOTICE is hereby given that the 20
th
 Annual General Meeting (AGM) 
of the members of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited 
(the Company) will be held on Tuesday 23 September, 2025 at 
16.00  Hours  (IST)  through  Video  Conferencing  (VC)/Other  
Audio Visual Means (OAVM) to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
ITEM NO 1
To  receive,  consider  and  adopt  the  audited  Standalone  
financial statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended  31  March,  2025  together  with  the  Reports  of  the  
Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  the  audited  standalone  financial  statements  of  
the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  March,  2025  and  the  
Reports  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  Auditors  thereon  be  and  are  
hereby received, considered and adopted.”
ITEM NO 2
To  appoint  a  Director  in  place  of  Mr.  Deepak  Ramineedi  
(DIN:  07631768),  who  retires  by  rotation  and  being  
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  section  152  and  
other applicable provisions if any of the Companies Act,2013 (the Act), 
approval of the Members of Company, be and is hereby accorded, to 
re-appoint Mr. Deepak Ramineedi (DIN: 07631768) as Non-Executive 
and Nominee Director of Safecrop Investments India LLP, who is liable 
to retire by rotation and offers himself for reappointment”.
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registered Office: No 1, New Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai 600034.
Corporate Office: No: 148, Acropolis, Dr. RadhaKrishnan Salai, Mylapore, Chennai - 600004.
Telephone: 044-4788 6700 Website: www.starhealth.in
CIN L66010TN2005PLC056649 IRDA REGN. NO.129
Notice of the 20
th
 Annual General Meeting
SPECIAL BUSINESS
ITEM NO 3
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Ms.  Anisha  
Motwani  (DIN:  06943493)  Non-Executive  Independent  
Director
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14,91,97,198 
and  other  applicable  provisions,  if  any,  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  
(the  Act)  including  any  statutory  modification  or  reenactment  
thereof for the time being in force) read with Schedule V to the Act, 
as  amended  from  time  to  time,  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  
Insurance  Act  1938,  the  IRDAI  (Corporate  Governance  for  Insurers)  
Regulations,  2024  read  with  the  relevant  master  circular  and  the  
guidelines issued by the IRDAI from time to time, Regulation 17(6) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015  (SEBI  LODR),  including  any  amendments,  modifications,  
variations  or  re-enactments  thereof  and  applicable,  provisions  
of  the  Articles  of  Association  of  the  Company  and  based  on  the  
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and  the  Board  of  Directors,  approval  be  and  is  hereby  accorded  
for  payment  of  remuneration  of  `25,00,000/-  (Rupees  Twenty  Five  
lakhs  only)  (subject  to  deduction  of  applicable  taxes)  to  Ms.  Anisha  
Motwani,  (DIN:  06943493)  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  
the Company, provided that the aggregate remuneration paid to all 
the Non –Executive Independent Directors of the Company including 
remuneration payable to Directors of the Company who are neither 
Managing Directors nor Whole-time Directors shall not exceed 1% of 
the annual net profits of the Company computed in accordance with 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013”.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the  above  remuneration  shall  be  in  
addition  to  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  the  Director(s)  for  attending  

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
77
the  meetings  of  the  Board  or  Committee  thereof  or  for  any  other  
purpose  whatsoever  as  may  be  decided  by  the  Board  of  Directors  
and  reimbursement  of  expenses  for  participation  in  the  Board  and  
other meetings.”
“RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  any  one  Director  or  Company  
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to perform all such 
acts, matters, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect 
to this resolution and file forms with the Registrar of Companies, IRDAI 
and any other Authority as may be necessary”.
ITEM NO 4
To approve payment of remuneration to Mr. Rohit Bhasin 
(DIN: 02478962), Non-Executive Independent Director
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14,91,97,198 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
Act) including any statutory modification or reenactment thereof for 
the time being in force) read with Schedule V to the Act, as amended 
from time to time, the applicable provisions of the Insurance Act 1938, 
the IRDAI (Corporate Governance for Insurers) Regulations, 2024 read 
with the relevant master circular and the guidelines issued by the IRDAI 
from time to time, Regulation 17(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  (SEBI  LODR),  including  
any amendments, modifications, variations or re-enactments thereof 
and  applicable,  provisions  of  the  Articles  of  Association  of  the  
Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Board  of  Directors,  approval  be  
and is hereby accorded for payment of remuneration of `25,00,000/- 
(Rupees Twenty Five lakhs only) (subject to deduction of applicable 
taxes) to Mr. Rohit Bhasin (DIN: 02478962) Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company, provided that the aggregate remuneration 
paid to all the Non –Executive Independent Directors of the Company 
including remuneration payable to Directors of the Company who are 
neither Managing Directors nor Whole-time Directors shall not exceed 
1% of the annual net profits of the Company computed in accordance 
with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013”.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the  above  remuneration  shall  be  in  
addition  to  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  the  Director(s)  for  attending  
the  meetings  of  the  Board  or  Committee  thereof  or  for  any  other  
purpose  whatsoever  as  may  be  decided  by  the  Board  of  Directors  
and  reimbursement  of  expenses  for  participation  in  the  Board  and  
other meetings.”
“RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  any  one  Director  or  Company  
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to perform all such 
acts, matters, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect 
to this resolution and file forms with the Registrar of Companies, IRDAI 
and any other Authority as may be necessary”.
ITEM NO 5
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Mr.  Rajeev  
Krishnamuralilal Agarwal (DIN: 07984221) Non-Executive 
Independent Director
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14,91,97,198 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
Act) including any statutory modification or reenactment thereof for 
the time being in force) read with Schedule V to the Act, as amended 
from  time  to  time,  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Insurance  Act  
1938,  the  IRDAI  (Corporate  Governance  for  Insurers)  Regulations,  
2024 read with the relevant master circular and the guidelines issued 
by  the  IRDAI  from  time  to  time,  Regulation  17(6)  of  SEBI  (Listing  
Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  (SEBI  
LODR),  including  any  amendments,  modifications,  variations  or  re-
enactments  thereof  and  applicable,  provisions  of  the  Articles  of  
Association  of  the  Company  and  based  on  the  recommendation  
of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Board  
of  Directors,  approval  be  and  is  hereby  accorded  for  payment  of  
remuneration of `25,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five lakhs only) (subject 
to  deduction  of  applicable  taxes)  to  Mr.  Rajeev  Krishnamuralilal  
Agarwal (DIN: 07984221) Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company, provided that the aggregate remuneration paid to all the 
Non  –Executive  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  including  
remuneration payable to Directors of the Company who are neither 
Managing Directors nor Whole-time Directors shall not exceed 1% of 
the annual net profits of the Company computed in accordance with 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013”.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the  above  remuneration  shall  be  in  
addition  to  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  the  Director(s)  for  attending  
the  meetings  of  the  Board  or  Committee  thereof  or  for  any  other  
purpose  whatsoever  as  may  be  decided  by  the  Board  of  Directors  
and  reimbursement  of  expenses  for  participation  in  the  Board  and  
other meetings.”
“RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  any  one  Director  or  Company  
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to perform all such 
acts, matters, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect 
to this resolution and file forms with the Registrar of Companies, IRDAI 
and any other Authority as may be necessary”.
ITEM NO 6
To approve payment of remuneration to Ms. Rajni Sekhri 
Sibal   (DIN:   09176377)   Non-Executive   Independent   
Director
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14,91,97,198 
and  other  applicable  provisions,  if  any,  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  
(the  Act)  including  any  statutory  modification  or  reenactment  

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
78
thereof for the time being in force) read with Schedule V to the Act, 
as  amended  from  time  to  time,  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  
Insurance  Act  1938,  the  IRDAI  (Corporate  Governance  for  Insurers)  
Regulations,  2024  read  with  the  relevant  master  circular  and  the  
guidelines issued by the IRDAI from time to time, Regulation 17(6) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015  (SEBI  LODR),  including  any  amendments,  modifications,  
variations  or  re-enactments  thereof  and  applicable,  provisions  
of  the  Articles  of  Association  of  the  Company  and  based  on  the  
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and  the  Board  of  Directors,  approval  be  and  is  hereby  accorded  for  
payment of remuneration of `25,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five lakhs 
only)  (subject  to  deduction  of  applicable  taxes)  to  Ms.  Rajni  Sekhri  
Sibal  (DIN:  09176377)  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  the  
Company, provided that the aggregate remuneration paid to all the 
Non  –Executive  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  including  
remuneration payable to Directors of the Company who are neither 
Managing Directors nor Whole-time Directors shall not exceed 1% of 
the annual net profits of the Company computed in accordance with 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013”.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the  above  remuneration  shall  be  in  
addition  to  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  the  Director(s)  for  attending  
the  meetings  of  the  Board  or  Committee  thereof  or  for  any  other  
purpose  whatsoever  as  may  be  decided  by  the  Board  of  Directors  
and  reimbursement  of  expenses  for  participation  in  the  Board  and  
other meetings.”
“RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  any  one  Director  or  Company  
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to perform all such 
acts, matters, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect 
to this resolution and file forms with the Registrar of Companies, IRDAI 
and any other Authority as may be necessary”.
ITEM NO 7
To  approve  the  appointment  of  M/s.  Chitra  Lalitha  &  
Associates,  Firm  of  Practicing  Company  Secretaries  as  
Secretarial Auditors of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution, as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  section  204  and  
other  applicable  provisions,  if  any,  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  
(the  Act)  including  any  statutory  modification  or  reenactment  
thereof  for  the  time  being  in  force)  read  with  the  Companies  
(Appointment    and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  
2014  and  Regulation  24A  and  other  applicable  provisions,  if  any,  of  
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”), including 
any amendments, modifications, variations or re-enactments thereof 
and applicable, and pursuant to the recommendations of the Audit 
Committee and Board of  Directors of the Company, M/s. Chitra Lalitha 
&  Associates,  Peer  reviewed  firm  of  Company  Secretaries  (ICSI  Firm  
Registration  No. P2021TN085400) be and are hereby appointed as the 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company for first term of 5 (five) consecutive 
years commencing from the Financial Year 2025-26 till the Financial 
Year 2029-30 (i.e. 01 April, 2025 till 31 March, 2030) at a remuneration  
of `4,00,000/-per annum excluing applicable taxes.
  “RESOLVED   FURTHER  THAT  any  one  Director  or  Company  
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to perform all such 
acts, matters, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect 
to this resolution and file forms with the Registrar of Companies, IRDAI 
and any other Authority as may be necessary”.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Place: Chennai
Date:  28 August, 2025
Jayashree Sethuraman 
Company Secretary 
Membership No : F12977

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
79
CategoryNon-Executive Nominee Director
DIN07631768
Age42
Date  of  first  appointment  on  the  Board  of  Star  
Health
March 29, 2019
Nature of expertiseMr. Deepak Ramineedi has several years of experience in the private equity industry and 
has previously worked with Credit Suisse Securities (India) Private Limited. He has worked 
across several sectors like financial services, healthcare, pharma, capital goods, real estate, 
consumer durables, telecom etc. in both public and private markets.
He is an investment advisory professional with over a decade of experience in the equities 
space and focuses on the services related to financial sector.
AcademicsOn  the  academic  front,  he  holds  a  Bachelor’s  degree  in  Technology  from  the  Indian  
Institute of Technology, Bombay and a Post-graduate Diploma in Management from the 
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
Remuneration proposed to be paidNone
Remuneration last drawnNone
Terms and conditions of appointmentAs per the resolution at Item no. 2 of this Notice
ShareholdingNone
Disclosure   of   inter-se   relationships   between   
directors and KMP
None
Number    of    Board    Meeting    attended    for     
FY 2024-2025
6
Details of Directorship, membership/ Chairmanship of Listed Entities as on 31 March, 2025
Board   Memberships   in   Indian   public   limited   
companies whether listed or not
1.    Non-Executive  Nominee  Director  of  Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  Company  
Limited
2. Director of Kiwi General Insurance Limited
Number of other Directorships*Nil
Committee details** No. of post of Membership 1
No. of post of Chairmanship 0
Listed   entities   from   which   the   person   has   
resigned
in the past three years
None
*Excludes Directorship held in foreign companies and Section 8 companies
**Pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR, committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, including this 
Company.
Committee Membership(s) includes Chairpersonship(s).
EXPLANATORY  STATEMENT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  102(1)  OF  THE  COMPANIES  ACT,  2013,  THE  SEBI  (LISTING  
OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND THE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS.
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies 
Act,  2013  given  hereunder  sets  out  all  material  facts  relating  to  the  
Ordinary  and  Special  business  mentioned  at  Item  Nos.  3  to  6  of  
the  accompanying  Notice  dated  28  August,  2025.  As  an  additional  
disclosure,  the  Explanatory  Statement  also  contains  material  facts  
pertaining  to  ordinary  business  mentioned  at  Items  No.  2  of  the  
said Notice.
ITEM NO 2
In  accordance  with  the  aforesaid  provisions  of  the  Act,  Articles  
of  Association  of  the  Company  and  the  terms  of  appointment.  
Mr.  Deepak  Ramineedi  (DIN:  07631768),  Non-  Executive  Nominee  
Director.  whose  office  is  liable  to  retire  at  this  AGM,  being  eligible,  
has offered himself for reappointment. Mr. Deepak Ramineedi is not 
disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164 of 
the Act. Based on performance evaluation and the recommendation 
of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee,  the  Board  
recommends his reappointment at Item No. 2 of the accompanying 
Notice for approval of the members as an Ordinary resolution.
Except Mr. Deepak Ramineedi, none of the Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel or relatives of any Director/Key Managerial Personnel are 
interested in the resolution.
 The required details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI LODR and 
Secretarial Standards-2 on General Meetings, issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India is as follows:

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
80
Name of the DirectorMs. Anisha Motwani
CategoryNon-Executive Independent Director
DIN:06943493
Age62
Date of first appointment on the Board of Star 
Health
01 November, 2019
Nature of expertiseMs.  Anisha  Motwani  is  an  Independent  Director  of  Star  Health.  She  began  her  career  in  
advertising  and  had  a  successful  15  year  stint  with  leading  agencies  like  McCann  Erickson,  
Mudra & Leo Burnett.
She served as the Director & Chief Marketing officer of Max Life Insurance for nearly 8 years 
and  also  as  an  independent  advisor  on  the  Max  Group  of  Companies  (Max  Corporate,  Max  
Life Insurance, Max Bupa, Max Healthcare & others).
Post  a  successful  corporate  career,  Anisha  founded  StN  ventures,  a  Brand  &  Innovation  
Consulting firm. Further, she works as an Independent Advisor with the World Bank on - the 
SwachhBharathprogramme - Adoption of solar rooftops - National Mission for Clean Ganga
She also mentors the CEO and business at MAS Holdings &Welspun India. She is a recipient of 
the following awards: - GM’s ‘Asia Pacific Marketer’ - NDTV’s ‘Marketer of the year’ - ‘Best Auto 
Marketing Team-2006’ by NDTV Profit - ‘Best Communication & PR Team- 2007’ by NDTV Profit.
AcademicsOn the academic front, she holds a MBA from University of Rajasthan and Bachelor of Science 
from Sophiya College, Ajmer.
Remuneration proposed to be paid
`25,00,000
Remuneration last drawn
`15.00,000
Shareholding5000
Disclosure  of  inter-se  relationships  between  
directors and KMP
None
Number   of   Board   Meeting   attended   for    
FY 2024-2025
6
Board  Memberships  in  Indian  public  limited  
companies whether listed or not
Non-Executive - Independent Director of
1. Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
2. Raymond Lifestyle Limited
3. Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
4. Ceigall India Limited
5.  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited formerly known as Edelweiss Securities Limited
6. Abbott India Limited
7.  Versuni India Home Solutions Limited (formerly known as Philips Domestic Appliances 
India Limited)
8. Godrej Finance Limited
ITEM NO 3 to ITEM NO 6
  Pursuant  to  Regulation  17(6)  of  the  SEBI  LODR,  all  fees  or  
compensation (excluding sitting fees within the limits of the Act), if 
any, paid to Non- Executive Directors including Independent Directors 
shall  require  approval  of  the  Members  in  general  meeting.  In  this  
connection, the approval of the members is sought for payment of 
remuneration  to  the  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  as  set  
out  in  accompanying  notice.  The  maximum  amount  permitted  to  
be  paid  as  remuneration  to  the  Non-Executive  Directors  under  the  
IRDAI  Regulations  is  `  30,00,000/-(Rupees  Thirty  lakhs)  per  Director  
per annum.
Based   on   the   recommendations   of   the   Nomination   and   
Remuneration  Committee  on  28  April,  2025  The  Board  of  Directors  
in  their  meeting  held  on  29  April,  2025  had  approved  payment  of  
remuneration  of    `25,00,000/-  (Rupees  Twenty  Five  lakhs)  to  the   
Non-Executive,  Independent  Directors  for  their  contribution  in  
FY 2024-25 and recommend the same to the Members for approval. 
This remuneration will be in addition to the sitting fees for attending 
the Board/Committee meetings and reimbursement of expenses for 
participation in the Board/Committee meetings.
Except  the  Non  –Executive  Independent  Directors  to  the  extent  of  
payment of remuneration, none of the Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel or relatives of any Director/Key Managerial Personnel are 
interested in the resolutions.
The required details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI LODR and 
Secretarial Standards-2 on General Meetings, issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India is as follows:

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
81
Name of the DirectorMs. Anisha Motwani
Number of other Directorships*Nil
Committee details**No. of post of Membership   7
No. of post of Chairmanship  3
Listed  entities  from  which  the  person  has  
resigned in the past three years
1. Hindware Home Innovation Limited
2. Prataap Snacks Limited
3. Welspun India Limited
* Excludes Directorship held in foreign companies and Section 8 companies
**  Pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR, committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, including this 
Company.
Committee Membership(s) includes Chairpersonship(s).
Name of the DirectorMr. Rohit Bhasin
CategoryNon-Executive Independent Director
DIN02478962
Age65
Date of first appointment on the Board of Star 
Health
01 November, 2019
Nature of expertiseMr.  Rohit  Bhasin  is  an  Independent  Director  of  Star  Health  and  he  has  been  granted  a  
certificate  of  practice  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of  India.  He  has  over  four  
decades of post qualification experience with leading organisations such as PwC, AIG and 
Standard Chartered.
He  is  as  seasoned  Finance  leader  with  rich  experience  with  leading  Financial  Services  and  
consulting organisations.
Prior to his retirement in March 2017, he worked with PwC across various roles and spectrum 
of services. He is also a business coach to several industry leaders and has conducted select 
consulting engagements.
AcademicsOn  the  academic  front,  he  is  the  fellow  member  of  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of  
India
Remuneration proposed to be paid
`25,00,000
Remuneration last drawn
`15.00,000
Shareholding5000
Disclosure of inter-se relationships between 
directors and KMP
None
Number of Board Meeting attended for FY 
2024-2025
6
Board Memberships in Indian public limited 
companies whether listed or not
Non-Executive - Independent Director of
1. Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
2. Dr. Lal Pathlabs Limited
3. Yatra Online Limited
4. ICICI Bank Limited
5. Indira IVF Hospital Limited
6. Bluestone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited
Number of other Directorships*Nil
Committee details**No. of post of Membership    9
No. of post of Chairmanship 5
Listed entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years
Tanla Platforms Limited
* Excludes Directorship held in foreign companies and Section 8 companies
**  Pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR, committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, including this 
Company.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
82
Committee Membership(s) includes Chairpersonship(s).
Name of the DirectorMr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal Agarwal
CategoryNon-Executive Independent Director
DIN07984221
Age66
Date of first appointment on the Board of Star 
Health
23 May, 2021
Nature of expertiseMr.  Rajeev  Krishnamuralilal  Agarwal  is  an  Independent  Director  of  Star  Health.  He  holds  a  
bachelor’s degree of engineering in the field of electronics and communication engineering 
from the University of Roorkee (now known as the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee). 
He has previously been a whole-time member of SEBI.
Mr.Rajeev   Krishnamuralilal   Agarwal   has   got   wide   experience   in   Securities   Markets,   
Commodity  Markets,  Taxation.  He  was  a  whole  time  Member  of  SEBI,  for  5  years  and  
designated  as  Commissioner  of  the  regulatory  commission.  He  was  also  associated  as  
a  Member  of  Forward  Markets  Commission  and  had  a  long  stint  with  investigation  and  
enforcement  divisions  of  Indian  Revenue  Service.  During  his  professional  stint  with  the  
regulatory bodies he was an integral part of various policy reforms which were undertaken 
in  various  segments  such  as  Mutual  Funds,  AIFs,  Foreign  Portfolio  Investors,  International  
Affairs, Market Intermediaries, Legal and surveillance affairs.
AcademicsOn the academic front, he holds Bachelor of engineering in Electronics & Communications) 
from IIT Roorkee
Remuneration proposed to be paid
`25,00,000
Remuneration last drawn
`15.00,000
ShareholdingNone
Disclosure  of  inter-se  relationships  between  
directors and KMP
None
Number    of    Board    Meeting    attended    for     
FY 2024-2025
6
Board  Memberships  in  Indian  public  limited  
companies whether listed or not
Non-Executive - Independent Director of
1. Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
2. Ugro Capital Limited
3. ACC Limited
4. MK Ventures Capital Limited
5. One 97 Communications Limited
Director of
1. Paytm Money Limited
Number of other Directorships*Nil
Committee details**No. of post of Membership    9
No. of post of Chairmanship  4
Listed   entities   from   which   the   person   has   
resigned in the past three years
None
* Excludes Directorship held in foreign companies and Section 8 companies
**  Pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR, committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, including this 
Company.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
83
Committee Membership(s) includes Chairpersonship(s).
Name of the DirectorMs.Rajni Sekhri Sibal
CategoryNon-Executive Independent Director
DIN09176377
Age64
Date of first appointment on the Board of Star 
Health
23 May, 2021
Nature of expertiseMs.Rajni   Sekhri   Sibal   is   an   Independent   Director   of   Star   Health   and   former   Indian   
Administrative  Services  officer  of  the  Haryana  cadre.  She  was  the  former  Secretary  to  the  
Government  of  India.  At  present,  Rajni  is  the  Independent  External  Monitor  of  SEBI,  the  
Security Exchange Board of India.
Ms.Rajni Sekhri Sibal is the first woman to have topped the All India Civil Service Examinations 
in 1986 Batch.
In  her  last  assignment  Rajni  was  posted  as  the  first  Secretary  of  the  Ministry  of  Fisheries  
and  was  responsible  for  bringing  about  a  sustained  and  accelerated  growth  in  the  blue  
economy.
Prior  to  which,  she  worked  as  Additional  Secretary,  Ministry  of  Home  Affairs,  Government  
of  India,  and  was  in  charge  of  Disaster  Management,  International  Cooperation  and  
homeland security of India. In her previous assignment as Additional Secretary, Ministry of 
Skill  Development  and  Entrepreneurship,  Rajni  was  responsible  for  the  entrepreneurship  
vertical. Before which, as a Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture, she was entrusted 
with  the  task  of  policy-making  and  project  formulation  with  special  focus  on  production  
enhancement and processing.
Ms.Rajni Sekhri Sibal worked as Director Health Insurance Max India and led Max’s initiative 
into  health  insurance.  She  helped  develop  the  business  proposition  and  set  up  the  Joint  
Venture – Max Bupa Health Insurance.
In the initial fifteen years of her career, Rajni worked in the Government of Haryana, both at 
the  implementation  as  well  as  public  policy  formulation  levels  in  various  fields  including:  
Industry,   Finance,   Employment,   Education,   Urban   Planning,   Rural   Development   and   
Environment. Rajni has also headed the Haryana Institute of Public Administration and the 
National Institute for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development and worked at the 
LBS National Academy of Administration.
She is the recipient of the Indian of the Year 2013 Award for integrity and courage.
She  is  an  alumnus  of  Welham  Girls,  a  science  graduate  and  a  Masters  in  Psychology  and  
Economics.
Her expertise lies in strategy, policy formulation, project management and in leading multi-
cultural  teams.  She  is  process  driven  in  her  approach  and  her  core  strength  is  strategic  
planning.
She  is  credited  with  several  published  articles  and  has  authored  several  books:  ‘Tools  for  
Monitoring’; ‘Clouds End and Beyond’; ‘Kamadhenu’; ‘Fragrant Words’; ‘Are You Prepared for a 
Disaster?’; ‘The Haunting Himalayas’ and ‘Asariri’.
AcademicsOn  the  academic  front,  she  holds  Bachelor  of  Science  and  Masters  in  Psychology  and  
Economics
in Remuneration proposed to be paid
`25,00,000
Remuneration last drawn
`15.00,000
ShareholdingNone
Disclosure  of  inter-se  relationships  between  
directors and KMP
None
Number    of    Board    Meeting    attended    for     
FY 2024-2025
6

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
84
Board  Memberships  in  Indian  public  limited  
companies whether listed or not
Non-Executive - Independent Director of
1. Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
2. Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
3. Birla Corporation Limited
Director of
1. GKN Driveline (India) Limited
2. Paytm Payments Bank Limited
3. Aviva Life Insurance Company India Limited
Number of other Directorships*Nil
Committee details**No. of post of Membership    5
No. of post of Chairmanship 1
Listed   entities   from   which   the   person   has   
resigned in the past three years
None
* Excludes Directorship held in foreign companies and Section 8 companies
**  Pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR, committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, including this 
Company.
Committee Membership(s) includes Chairpersonship(s).
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 3 to Item No 6 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Place: Chennai
Date: 28 August, 2025
Jayashree Sethuraman
Company Secretary
Membership No : F12977
ITEM NO 7
As per section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with 
the  Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  
Personnel) Rules, 2014, every listed company is required to annex with 
its  Board’s  Report,  a  secretarial  audit  report,  issued  by  a  Practising  
Company  Secretary.  Further,  Regulation  24A  of  the  Securities  
and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”), requires every listed 
entity to undertake secretarial audit by a secretarial auditor who shall 
be a peer reviewed company secretary and shall annex a secretarial 
audit report with the annual report of the listed entity.
Based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board 
of  Directors  of  the  Company  at  its  Meeting  held  on  29  July,  2025,  
has  approved  the  appointment  of  M/s.  Chitra  Lalitha  &  Associates,  
Peer  reviewed  firm  of  Company  Secretaries  (ICSI  Firm  Registration    
No.  P2021TN085400)  as  the  Secretarial  Auditor  of  the  Company  to  
hold the office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing 
from  the  Financial  Year  2025-26  till  the  Financial  Year  2029-30,  
subject to approval of the Members of the Company at this Annual 
General Meeting.
M/s  Chitra  Lalitha  &  Associates  is  a  Firm  of  Company  Secretaries  
founded by Ms. B. Chitra, Company Secretary in practice since 1998 
based out of Chennai and is renowned for its commitment to quality 
and precision. The Firm has been Peer Reviewed and Quality Reviewed 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), ensuring the 
highest standards in professional practices.
M/s  Chitra  Lalitha  &  Associates  has  a  team  of  5  members  including  
5  partners  and  focused  on  providing  comprehensive  professional  
services  in  corporate  law  and  SEBI  regulations  offering  strategic  
solutions to ensure regulatory compliance.
The Firm has confirmed that it is not disqualified and is eligible to be 
appointed as Secretarial Auditor of the Company under  the Act, SEBI 
LODR and Circular(s) issued by SEBI in this  regard and have given their 
consent for their appointment as  Secretarial Auditor of the Company.
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / 
their relatives are interested in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 
7 of the Notice for approval of the Members.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
85
NOTES:
1.  In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 
(“Act”),  Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (“MCA”)  Circulars  and  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”), the Nineteenth AGM is being held through 
VC / OAVM on Tuesday, 23 September, 2025 at 16.00 Hours 
(IST).  The  deemed  venue  of  the  AGM  shall  be  the  Corporate  
office of the Company situated at No: 148, Acropolis, Dr. Radha 
Krishnan Salai, Mylapore, Chennai - 600 004.
2.      In  accordance  with  the  Secretarial  Standards  on  General  
Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India (“ICSI”) read with clarification/guidance on applicability 
of secretarial standards 1 and 2 dated 15 April, 2020 issued by 
the ICSI.
3.      The  Company  has  appointed  M/s.  KFin  Technologies  Limited  
(KFintech), Registrar and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) of the Company, 
to  provide  VC/OVAM  and  e-voting  facility  for  the  AGM  of  
the Company.
4.    The  Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (“  MCA”)  has  vide  its  General  
Circular  No.  09/2024  dated  19  September,  2024  read  with  
other  relevant  circulars  respectively  in  relation  to  “Clarification  
on  holding  of  Annual  General  Meeting  (AGM)  through  video  
conferencing  (VC)  or  other  audio  visual  means  (OAVM)”  
(collectively  referred  to  as  “MCA  Circulars”)  and  Securities  and  
Exchange  Board  of  India  (“SEBI”)  vide  its  circular  no.  SEBI/HO/
CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11  dated  15  January,  2021  read  with  
previous circulars (collectively referred as Applicable Circulars) in 
relation to “Relaxation from compliance with certain provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations due to the COVID -19 pandemic” 
(collectively referred to as “SEBI Circulars”) permitted the holding 
of the AGM through VC / OAVM, without the physical presence 
of  the  Members  at  a  common  venue  and  provided  relaxation  
on  sending  hard  copy  of  annual  report  to  shareholders.  SEBI/
HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-  2/P/CIR/2023/167  dated  07  October,  2023  
(“SEBI  Circular”)  allowing  inter-alia,  conduct  of  AGM’s  through  
Video Conferencing/ Other Audio - Visual Means (“VC/ OAVM”), 
In compliance with the above MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars 
the  20
th
  AGM  of  the  members  of  the  Company  is  being  held  
through VC / OAVM. The corporate office of the Company shall 
be deemed to be the venue for the AGM
5.      Since  this  AGM  is  being  held  pursuant  to  the  MCA  circulars  
through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of members has been 
dispensed  with.  Accordingly,  the  facility  for  appointment  of  
proxies by the members under section 105 of the Act will not 
be available for the AGM and hence the proxy form, attendance 
slip and route map of AGM are not annexed to this notice.
6.      Members  attending  the  20
th
  AGM  through  VC/OAVM  shall  
be  counted  for  the  purpose  of  reckoning  the  Quorum  under  
section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
7.  Each member present at the meeting shall be entitled to one 
vote for every equity share held.
8.    Members may join the 20
th
 AGM through VC/OAVM by following 
the procedure which shall be kept open for the Members from 
15:45 hours. i.e. 15 minutes before the time scheduled to start 
the AGM and the Company may close the window for joining 
the VC/OAVM 15 minutes after the scheduled time to start the 
20
th
 AGM. The detailed instructions for participating in the 20
th
 
AGM through VC/OAVM are given as a separate attachment to 
this Notice.
9.      Members  may  note  that  the  VC/OAVM  provided  by  KFintech,  
allows participation of at least 2000 Members on a first-come-
first-served  basis.  The  large  shareholders  (i.e.  shareholders  
holding  2%  or  more  shareholding),  promoters,  institutional  
investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons 
of   the   Audit   Committee,   Nomination   &   Remuneration   
Committee  and  Stakeholders  Relationship  Committee,  and  
Auditors, can attend the AGM without any restriction on account 
of first-come-first-served principle.
10.      The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide circular 
No.  SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/  CIR/2021/655  dated  
3  November,  2021  and  circular  No.  SEBI/HO/MIRSD/  -PoD-
1/P/CIR/2023/37  dated  March  16,  2023,  inter  alia  mandated  
furnishing of PAN, email address, mobile number, bank account 
details,  specimen  signatures  and  nomination  by  shareholders  
holding  shares  in  physical  form  and  also  mandated  that  any  
service  request  shall  be  entertained  only  upon  registration  
of  the  PAN,  Bank  details  and  the  nomination.  SEBI  has  further  
directed  that  the  folios  wherein  any  one  of  the  above  cited  
document/details are not available on or after 01 October, 2023, 
shall be frozen by the RTA. SEBI had also asked the shareholders 
to ensure their PAN is linked to Aadhaar prior to 30 June, 2023 as 
specified by the Central Board of Direct Taxes to avoid freezing of 
their folio. KFintech has sent reminder physical letters/e-mail to 
all the shareholders of the Company holding shares in physical 
form in this regard on May 20, 2023 requesting them to furnish 
the required documents/ details within due timelines.
11.      Members are requested to Update and/or intimate changes, if 
any,  pertaining  to  their  name,  postal  address,  e-mail  address,  
telephone/mobile  numbers,  Permanent  Account  Number  
(PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank details 
such  as,  name  of  the  bank  and  branch  details,  bank  account  
number,  MICR  code,  IFSC  code,  etc.  by  following  the  steps  as  
given below:-
 A. FOR SHARES HELD IN ELECTRONIC FORM:
  to their Depository Participants (DPs).
 B. FOR SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM:
      please  send  scanned  copy  of  a  signed  request  letter  
mentioning  your  folio  number,  complete  address,  email  
address to be registered along with scanned self-attested 
copy  of  the  PAN  and  any  document  (such  as  Driving  
License, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAAR) supporting 
the  registered  address  of  the  Member,  by  email  to  the  
Company’s  email  address  at  investors@starhealth.in 
or”KFinTech” einward.ris@kfintech.com.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
86
12.      Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/ 
HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_  RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8  dated  25  January,  
2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue securities in 
dematerialized form only while processing service requests viz. 
Issue  of  duplicate  securities  certificate;  claim  from  unclaimed  
suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities certificate; 
endorsement;  sub-division/splitting  of  securities  certificate;  
consolidation of securities certificates/ folios; transmission and 
transposition.  Accordingly,  Members  are  requested  to  make  
service  requests  by  submitting  a  duly  filled  and  signed  Form  
ISR  –  4,  the  format  of  which  is  available  on  the  Company’s  
website https://www.starhealth.in  and  on  the  website  of  the  
Company’s  Registrar  and  Transfer  Agents,  Kfin  Technologies  
Limited  (“KFinTech”)  at  https://www.kfintech.com  It  may  be  
noted that any service request can be processed only after the 
folio is KYC Compliant.
13.      SEBI vide its notification dated 24 January, 2022 has amended 
Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and has mandated 
that all requests for transfer of securities including transmission 
and  transposition  requests  shall  be  processed  only  in  
dematerialized  form.  In  view  of  the  same  and  to  eliminate  all  
risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits 
of dematerialisation. Members are advised to dematerialize the 
shares  held  by  them  in  physical  form.  Members  can  contact  
the Company or Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents, Kfin 
Technologies Limited (“KFinTech”), for assistance in this regard. 
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/
CIR/2022/8  dated  25  January,  2022,  the  Company  can  issue  
the  securities  in  dematerialized  form  only  while  processing  
the  following  service  request:  i.  Issue  of  duplicate  securities  
certificate;  ii.  Claim  from  Unclaimed  Suspense  Account;  iii.  
Renewal / Exchange of securities certificate; iv. Endorsement; v. 
Subdivision / Splitting of securities certificate; vi. Consolidation 
of  securities  certificates/folios;  vii.  Transmission  and  viii.  
Transposition. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated 
with  physical  shares  and  for  ease  of  portfolio  management,  
members  holding  shares  in  physical  form  are  requested  to  
consider  converting  their  holdings  to  dematerialized  form.  
Members  can  contact  the  Company  or  Company’s  Registrars  
and  Transfer  Agents,  KFintech,  for  assistance  in  this  regard.  
Members may also refer to Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) 
on Company’s website : https://www.starhealth.in.
14.       Members  holding  shares  in  physical  form,  in  identical  order  
of names, in more than one folio are requested to send to the 
Company  or  Registrar  and  Transfer  Agents,  Kfin  Technologies  
Limited  (“KFinTech”),  the  details  of  such  folios  together  with  
the share certificates along with the requisite KYC Documents 
for  consolidating  their  holdings  in  one  folio.  Requests  for  
consolidation  of  share  certificates  shall  be  processed  in  
dematerialized form.
15.      As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and SEBI Circular, 
the facility for making nomination is available for the Members 
in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not 
yet  registered  their  nomination  are  requested  to  register  the  
same  by  submitting  Form  No.  SH-13.  If  a  Member  desires  to  
opt  out  or  cancel  the  earlier  nomination  and  record  a  fresh  
nomination, he/ she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-
14 as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded from 
the  Company’s  website  https://www.starhealth.in.  Members  
are requested to submit the said details to their DP in case the 
shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to Registrar 
and  Transfer  Agents,  Kfin  Technologies  Limited  (“KFinTech”)  in  
case the shares are held in physical form.
16.  In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as the 
first holder in the order of names as per the Register of Members 
of the Company will be entitled to vote during the AGM.
17.      Members seeking any information with regard to the financial 
statements or any matter to be placed at the AGM, are requested 
to  write  to  the  Company  on  or  before  11  September,  2025  
through  email  on  investors@starhealth.in.  The  same  will  be  
replied by the Company suitably.
18.       The  Register  of  Directors  and  Key  Managerial  Personnel  and  
their  share  holding  maintained  under  Section  170  of  the  Act,  
the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors 
are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, and the 
relevant  documents  referred  to  in  the  Notice  will  be  available  
electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. 
All  documents  referred  to  in  the  Notice  will  also  be  available  
electronically  for  inspection  without  any  fee  by  the  members  
from the date of circulation of this Notice upto the date of AGM. 
Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email 
to investors@starhealth.in.
19.      In compliance with the above referred MCA Circulars and SEBI 
Circulars Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2024-
25 is being sent by electronic mode to those Members whose 
e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories, 
unless  any  Member  has  requested  for  a  physical  copy  of  the  
same.  In  furtherance  of  the  Green  Initiative,  physical  copy  of  
the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2024-25 is 
being sent by the permitted modes to those Members whose 
e-mail  addresses  are  not  registered.  Members  may  note  that  
the  Notice  and  Annual  Report  2024-25  will  also  be  available  
on the Company’s website www.starhealth.in, websites of the 
Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com 
respectively and on the website of NSDL https://www.evoting.
nsdl.com. and CDSL https://www.evoting.cdsl.com.
20.       Members  desiring  inspection  of  statutory  registers  during  
the  AGM  may  send  their  request  in  writing  in  advance  to  the  
Company investors@starhealth.in. The statutory registers will be 
available for inspection at the registered office of the Company.
21.      Members who wish to inspect the relevant documents referred 
to in the Notice can send an email to investors@ starhealth.in. up 
to the date of the AGM. The relevant documents will be available 
for inspection at the registered office of the Company.
22.       All  correspondence  related  to  change  of  address,  change  
in  e-mail  ID  already  registered  with  the  Company,  transfer  /  
transmission  of  shares,  issue  of  duplicate  share  certificates,  
Company   mandates   and   all   other   matters   relating   to   

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
87
the   shareholding   in   the   Company   may   be   made   to   
M/s. Kfin Technologies Ltd., the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
(“RTA/”KFinTech””).  The  Members  holding  shares  in  electronic  
form  may  send  such  communication  to  their  respective   
Depository Participant/s (DPs).
 Kfin Technologies Limited.
 Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District,
 Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500 032
          Email:          einward.ris@kfintech.com
          Website:          www.kfintech.com
 Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001
23.       Members  would  be  able  to  cast  their  votes  and  convey  their  
assent or dissent to the proposed resolution only through the 
remote e-voting process. Members whose names appear on the 
Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-
Off Date i.e. 12 September, 2025 will only be considered eligible 
for  the  purpose  of  remote  e-voting.  A  person  who  becomes  
a  member  after  the  Cut-Off  Date  should  treat  this  notice  for  
information purpose only.
24.      Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule  20  of  the  Companies  (Management  and  Administration)  
Rules, 2014, as substituted by the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules,2015 and Regulation 44 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  the  Company  is  pleased  to  
provide  the  facility  to  Members  to  exercise  their  right  to  vote  
on the resolution proposed to be passed at AGM by electronic 
means.  The  detailed  instructions  for  e-voting  are  given  as  a  
separate attachment to this Notice. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as 
on  close  of  business  hours  of  12  September,  2025  (Friday) 
i.e. the date prior to the commencement of book closure, being 
the cut-off date, are entitled to vote on Resolutions set forth in 
this Notice. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting 
system from any place (remote e-voting).
25.       As  per  Section  110  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  
Companies  (Management  and  Administration)  Rules,  2014,  
Notice  of  AGM  may  be  served  on  the  Members  through  
electronic means. Members who have registered e-mail Ids are 
being sent this Notice of AGM by e-mail.
26.      AGM Notice can be downloaded from the Company’s website 
i.e. www.starhealth.in.
27.       Members  may  also  note  that  the  Annual  Report  will  also  be  
available on the Company’s website viz., www.starhealth.in. for 
their download.
28.  Resolutions passed by the Members through AGM by electronic 
means are deemed to have been passed as if they have been 
passed at a General Meeting of the Members
29.      Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares 
registered in the name of the Members as on and a person who 
is not a Member as on the record date should treat this Notice 
for information purposes only.
30.       Once  the  vote  on  a  resolution  stated  in  this  Notice  is  cast  by  
shareholder through Remote e-voting, the shareholder shall not 
be allowed to change it subsequently and such e-vote shall be 
treated as final.
31.      The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  has  appointed  
Mr.Mirza  Ismail  Irshad  Ahmed,  Practicing  Company  Secretary  
(Membership  No.  F11458),  as  the  Scrutinizer  to  scrutinize  the  
remote e-Voting process and casting vote through the e-Voting 
system during the meeting in a fair and transparent manner and 
he has communicated his willingness to be appointed and will 
be available for the said purpose.
32.       The  Scrutinizer’s  decision  on  the  validity  of  the  vote  shall   
be final.
33.       The  Scrutinizer  shall,  immediately  after  the  conclusion  of  
voting  at  the  AGM,  unblock  the  votes  cast  through  remote  
e-voting  (votes  cast  during  the  AGM  and  votes  cast  through  
remote  e-voting)  and  will  submit  a  consolidated  Scrutinizer’s  
Report  of  the  total  votes  cast  in  favor  or  against,  if  any,  to  the  
Chairperson or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall 
countersign the same. The results will be announced within the 
time stipulated under the applicable laws.
34.       The  result  declared  along  with  the  Scrutinizer’s  Report  shall  
be  placed  on  the  Company’s  website  www.starhealth.in 
immediately.  The  Company  shall  simultaneously  forward  the  
results  to  National  Stock  Exchange  of  India  Limited  and  BSE  
Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.
35.      Instructions and other information relating to remote e-voting, 
participation in the AGM through VC/OAVM and e-voting during 
the AGM are given in this Notice. The Company will also send 
a communication which inter-alia would contain details about 
User  ID  and  Password  along  with  a  copy  of  this  Notice  to  the  
members, separately.
PROCEDURE AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING
1.      In  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  108  of  the  
Companies  Act  2013,  read  with  Rule  20  of  the  Companies  
(Management  and  Administration)  Rules,  2014,  as  amended  
from time to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and  in  terms  of  SEBI  vide  circular  no.  SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/
CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9 December, 2020 in relation to e-Voting 
Facility  Provided  by  Listed  Entities,  the  Members  are  provided  
with  the  facility  to  cast  their  vote  electronically,  through  the  
e- Voting services provided by KFintech, on all the resolutions 
set forth in this Notice. The instructions for e-Voting are given 
herein below.
2.      However,  in  pursuant  to  SEBI  circular  no.SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/  
CIR/P/2020/242  dated  9  December,  2020  on  “e-Voting  facility  
provided  by  Listed  Companies”,  e-Voting  process  has  been  
enabled to all the individual demat account holders, by way of 
single login credential, through their demat accounts/websites 
of  Depositories/DPs  in  order  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  the  
voting process.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
88
3.      Individual  demat  account  holders  would  be  able  to  cast  
their  vote  without  having  to  register  again  with  the  e-Voting  
service  provider  (ESP)  thereby  not  only  facilitating  seamless  
authentication but also ease and convenience of participating 
in  e-Voting  process.  Shareholders  are  advised  to  update  
their  mobile  number  and  e-mail  ID  with  their  DPs  to  access  
e-Voting facility.
4.      The  remote  e-Voting  period  will  commence  at  10.00  hours  
(IST)  on  Saturday,  20  September,  2025  and  will  end  at  
17:00 hours (IST) on Monday, 22 September, 2025.
5.      The  voting  rights  of  Members  shall  be  in  proportion  to  their  
shares  in  the  paid-up  equity  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  
on the cut-off date.
6.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non- individual 
shareholders,  who  acquires  shares  of  the  Company  and  
becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice 
and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain the login 
ID  and  password  by  sending  a  request  at  evoting@Kfintech.
com . However, if he/she is already registered with KFintech for 
remote  e-Voting  then  he/she  can  use  his/her  existing  User  ID  
and password for casting the vote.
7.  In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a 
Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding 
shares as of the cut-off date may follow steps mentioned below 
under  “Login  method  for  remote  e-Voting  and  joining  virtual  
meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode.”
8.  The details of the process and manner for remote e-Voting and 
e-AGM are explained herein below:
  Step   1:  Access  to  Depositories  e-Voting  system  in  case  of  
individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
  Step   2:  Access  to  KFintech  e-Voting  system  in  case  of  
shareholders  holding  shares  in  physical  and  non-  individual  
shareholders in demat mode.
  Step  3: Access to join virtual meetings (e-AGM) of the Company 
on KFin system to participate in-AGM and vote at theAGM.
I) Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
Individual   Shareholders   holding   securities   in   demat   
mode with NSDL
Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode  
with CDSL
1.        Users  already  registered  for  IDeAS  facility  of  NSDL  
may follow the following procedure:
1.  Users  already  registered  for  Easi/Easiest  facility  of  CDSL  
may follow the following procedure:
1. Click on URL:https://eservices.nsdl.com
2.  Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” under 
‘IDeAS’ section.
3.  On the new page, enter User ID and Password for accessing 
‘IDeAS’
4.    On  successful  authentication,  you  will  enter  your  IDeAS  
service login.
5.  click  on  “Access to e-Voting” under Value Added Services 
on the panel available on the left hand side.
6. Click  on “Active e-voting Cycles” option under e-voting.
  Click   on Company  name  or  e-voting  service  provider  
and  you  will  be  re-directed  to  e-Voting  service  provider  
website  for  casting  the  vote  during  the  remote  e-voting  
period.
1.  VisitURL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login 
or URL: www.cdslindia.com and Click on New System Myeasi
2.  Login with your registered User ID and Password for accessing 
Easi / Easiest
3.  The User will see the e-Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of 
ESPi.e. KFinTechce-Voting Portal.
    Click  on  the  Company  name  or  e-voting  service  provider  and  
you will be redirected to KfinTech website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
2.  User not registered for IDeAS e-Services2.  User not registered for Easi/Easiest
1. To register click on URL : https://eservices.nsdl.com
2.  Select   “Register  Online  for  IDeAS”  or  click  at  https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3.    Proceed  to  complete  registration  using  your  DPID,  Client  
ID, Mobile Number, etc.
    After  successful  registration,  please  follow  steps  given  
under Sr. No. I above to cast your vote.
I)      Option  to  register  is  available  at  https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
ii)    Proceed  to  complete  registration  using  your  DP  ID,  Client  ID,  
Mobile Number, etc.
iii)  After successful registration, please follow steps given under Sr. 
No. I above to cast your vote

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
89
Individual   Shareholders   holding   securities   in   demat   
mode with NSDL
Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode  
with CDSL
3.         Alternatively   by   directly   accessing   the   e-Voting   
website of NSDL
3.      Alternatively,  by  directly  accessing  the  e-Voting  website  
of CDSL
1) Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
2)    Click  on  the  button  “Login”  which  is  available  under  
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3)    A  new  screen  will  open.  You  will  have  to  enter  your  User  
ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number held with 
NSDL), login type, Password / OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.
4)  Post successful authentication, you will enter the e-voting 
module of NSDL.
5)  Click  on  “Active E-voting Cycles / VC or OAVMs” option 
under e-voting.
  Click  on Company name or e-Voting service provider and 
you will be re-directed to KfinTech website for casting the 
vote during the remote e-voting period.
i) Visit URL: : https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin
ii) Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No.
iii)    System  will  authenticate  user  by  sending  OTP  on  registered  
Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat Account.
iv)         On   successful   authentication,   you   will   enter   the   e-voting   
module of CSDL.
  Click   on Company  name  or  e-voting  service  provider  and  
you will be redirected to KfinTech website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
4.   This instruction is only for NSDL Provide bifurcation as shown in point 3 and keep it blank for CDSL
Individual  Members  (holding  securities  in  demat  mode)  
login through their depository participants.
I.     You  can  also  login  using  the  login  credentials  of  your  demat  
account  through  your  DP  registered  with  NSDL/  CDSL  for  
e-Voting facility.
II.  Once logged-in, you will be able to see e- Voting option. Once 
you click on e- Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/
CDSL  Depository  site  after  successful  authentication,  wherein  
you can see e- Voting feature.
III.  Click on options available against company name or e-Voting 
service  provider  –  KFintech  and  you  will  be  redirected  to  
e-Voting  website  of  KFintech  for  casting  your  vote  during  the  
remote e-Voting period without any further authentication
Important note:
Members  who  are  unable  to  retrieve  User  ID/Password  are  advised  
to  use  Forgot  user  ID  and  Forgot  Password  option  available  at  
respective websites.
Helpdesk  for  Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  
mode  for  any  technical  issues  related  to  login  through  Depository  
i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Contact details in case of 
technical issue on NSDL 
website.
Contact details in case of 
technical issue on CSDL 
website
Please contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call at toll free no: 1800 
1020 990 and 022 4886 7000
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at 022- 23058738 or 022-
23058542-43 and 1800 210 9911
DETAILS ON STEP 2 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:
I.  Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other than 
Individual’s  shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode.
(A)        Members  whose  email  IDs  are  registered  with  the  
Company/  Depository  Participants  (s),  will  receive  
an  email  from  KFintech  which  will  include  details  of  
E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. 
They will have to follow the following process:
  i.     Launch  internet  browser  by  typing  the  URL:https://
evoting.kfintech.com in the address bar.
  ii.      Enter  the  login  credentials  (i.e.  User  ID  and  password).  
In  case  of  physical  folio,  User  ID  will  be  EVEN  (E-Voting  

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
90
Event Number) xxxx, followed by folio number. In case of 
Demat account,  User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. 
However,  if  you  are  already  registered  with  KFintech  for  
e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and password 
for casting the vote.
 iii. After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”.
 iv.  You will now reach password change Menu wherein you 
are  required  to  mandatorily  change  your  password.  The  
new  password  shall  comprise  of  minimum  8  characters  
with  at  least  one  upper  case  (A-  Z),  one  lower  case  
(a-z),  one  numeric  value  (0-9)  and  a  special  character  
(@,#,$,  etc.,).  The  system  will  prompt  you  to  change  
your  password  and  update  your  contact  details  like  
mobile    number,  email  ID  etc.  on  first  login.  You  may  
also enter a secret question and answer of your  choice 
to retrieve your password in case you forget it. It is strongly 
recommended that you do not share your password with 
any other person and that you take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential.
 v. You need to login again with the new credentials.
 vi.  On successful login, the system will prompt you to select 
the “EVEN” i.e., ‘Star Health and Allied Insurance Company 
Limited -AGM” and click on “Submit”
  vii.        On  the  voting  page,  enter  the  number  of  shares  (which  
represents  the  number  of  votes)  as  on  the  Cut-off  Date  
under  “FOR/AGAINST”  or  alternatively,  you  may  partially  
enter any number in  “FOR”  and  partially “AGAINST”  but 
the  total  number  in  “FOR/AGAINST”  taken  together  shall  
not exceed your total shareholding as mentioned herein 
above.  You  may  also  choose  the  option  ABSTAIN.  If  the  
member does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will 
be treated as  “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be 
counted under either head.
  viii.       Members  holding  multiple  folios/demat  accounts  shall  
choose  the  voting  process  separately  for  each  folio/  
demat accounts.
  ix.       Voting  has  to  be  done  for  each  item  of  the  notice  
separately. In case you do not desire to cast your vote on 
any specific item, it will be treated as abstained.
 x.  You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate 
option and click on “Submit”.
 xi.  A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm 
else  “CANCEL”  to  modify.  Once  you  have  voted  on  the  
resolution (s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
During the voting period, members can login any number 
of times till they have voted on the Resolution(s).
   xii.        Corporate/Institutional   Members   (i.e.   other   than   
Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are also required to send scanned 
certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/
Authority  Letter  etc.,  authorizing  its  representative  to  
attend  the  AGM  through  VC/OAVM  on  its  behalf  and  
to  cast  its  vote  through  remote  e-voting  together  with  
attested  specimen  signature(s)  of  the  duly  authorised  
representative(s),  to  the  Scrutinizer’s  email  id  cs.irshad@
irshadandassociates.in with  a  copy  marked  to  evoting@
kfintech.com.The scanned image of the above-mentioned 
documents  should  be  in  the  naming  format  “Corporate  
Name Even No.”
(B)     Members whose email IDs are not registered with the 
Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently 
the,  Annual  Report,  Notice  of  AGM  and  e-voting  
instructions cannot be serviced, will have to follow the 
following process:
 i.   Members who have not registered their email address and 
in  consequence  the  Annual  Report,  Notice  of  AGM  and  
e-voting instructions cannot be serviced. 
 ii.    Members are requested to follow the process as guided to 
capture the email address and mobile number for sending 
the soft copy of the notice and e-voting instructions along 
with  the  User  ID  and  Password.  In  case  of  any  queries,  
member may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.
 iii.  Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request at the 
email  id  einward.ris@kfintech.comalong  with  scanned  
copy  of  the  signed  copy  of  the  request  letter  providing  
the  email  address,  mobile  number,  self-attested  PAN  
copy  and  Client  Master  copy  in  case  of  electronic  folio  
and  copy  of  share  certificate  in  case  of  physical  folio  
for  sending  the  Annual  report,  Notice  of  AGM  and  the  
e-voting instructions.
 iv.  After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all 
steps above to cast your vote by electronic means
      The  remote  e-voting  module  shall  be  disabled  for  
voting  after  the  expiry  of  the  date  and  time  mentioned  
above. Once the vote on the resolutions(s) is cast by the 
Member,  the  Member  shall  not  be  allowed  to  change  
it subsequently.
    1.    Members  holding  shares  either  in  physical  form  or  
in dematerialized form and whose name is recorded 
in  the  register  of  Members  or  in  the  register  of  
beneficial owners, as on the cut-off date, i.e. Friday, 
12  September,  2025  (“Eligible  Members”),  shall  
be entitled to exercise their right to vote by remote 
e-voting on the resolutions specified in the Notice.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
91
DETAILS ON STEP 3 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:
INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  ALL  THE  SHAREHOLDERS,  INCLUDING  
INDIVIDUAL, OTHER THAN INDIVIDUAL AND PHYSICAL, FOR 
ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/ OAVM AND E-VOTING 
DURING THE MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
1.  Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM or 
view the live webcast of AGM provided by”KFinTech”. Members 
may  access  the  same  at  https://emeetings.kfintech.com/  by  
using  the  e-voting  login  credentials  provided  in  the  email  
received from the Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on 
the Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the Company. 
Click on the video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes 
to join the meeting. Please note that the members who do not 
have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten 
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following 
the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above..
2.      Facility  of  joining  the  AGM  through  VC  /  OAVM  shall  open  30  
minutes  before  the  time  scheduled  for  the  AGM  and  will  be  
closed  on  expiry  of  15  minutes  from  the  scheduled  time  of  
the AGM.
3.    Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops/
Desktops  with  Google  Chrome  (preferred  browser),  Safari,  
Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.
4.      Members  will  be  required  to  grant  access  to  the  webcam  to  
enable  VC/OAVM.  Further,  Members  connecting  from  Mobile  
Devices  or  Tablets  or  through  Laptop  connecting  via  Mobile  
Hotspot  may  experience  Audio/Video  loss  due  to  fluctuation  
in  their  respective  network.  It  is  therefore  recommended  to  
use  Stable  Wi-Fi  or  LAN  Connection  to  mitigate  any  kind  of  
aforesaid glitches.
5.      As  the  AGM  is  being  conducted  through  VC/OAVM,  for  the  
smooth  conduct  of  proceedings  of  the  AGM,  Members  are  
encouraged to express their views/send their queries in advance 
mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, 
email id, mobile number at investors@starhealth.in on or before 
17.00 Hours  (IST) on Thursday, 18 September, 2025. They 
may mark the email subject as “AGM 2025 queries”
6.      The  Members  who  have  not  cast  their  vote  through  remote  
e-voting  shall  be  eligible  to  cast  their  vote  through  e-voting  
system  available  during  the  AGM.  E-voting  during  the  AGM  is  
integrated with the VC/OAVM platform. The Members may click 
on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes.
7.  A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e., through 
Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a Member casts votes 
by  both  modes,  then  voting  done  through  Remote  e-voting  
shall prevail and vote at the AGM shall be treated as invalid.
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS
1.   Speaker  Registration  :  The  Members  who  wish  to  speak  
during the meeting may register themselves as speakers for the 
AGM  to  express  their  views.  They  can  visit  https://emeetings.
kfintech.com  and  login  through  the  user  id  and  password  
provided  in  the  mail  received  from  KFintech.  On  successful  
login,  select  ‘Speaker  Registration’  which  will  be  opened  from  
10.00 hours (IST) on 16 September, 2025 to 17.00 hours 
(IST) on 18 September, 2025. Members shall be provided a 
‘queue number’ before the meeting. The Company reserves the 
right to restrict the speakers at the AGM to only those Members 
who have registered themselves, depending on the availability 
of time for the AGM.
2.   Post  your  Question  :  The  Members  who  wish  to  post  their  
questions  prior  to  the  meeting  can  do  the  same  by  visiting  
https://emeetings.kfintech.com . Please login through the user 
id and password provided in the mail received from KFintech. 
On successful login, select ‘Post Your Question’ option which will 
opened from 10.00 hours (IST) on 16 September, 2025 to 
17.00 hours (IST) on 18 September, 2025.
3.  In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by 
electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at 
the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech 
Website)  or  write  at  evoting@kfintech.com  or  einward.ris@
kfintech.com or call KFintech’s toll free No. 1-800-309-4001 for 
any further clarifications.
4.      The  Members,  whose  names  appear  in  the  Register  of  
Members/list  of  Beneficial  Owners  as  on  the  close  of  Friday, 
12  September,  2025,  being  the  cut-off  date,  are  entitled  to  
vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person who is 
not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for 
information purposes only. Once the vote on a resolution(s) is 
cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change 
it subsequently.
  Members of the Company who have purchased the shares of 
the  Company  after  the  dispatch  of  the  Notice  but  before  the  
cutoff  date  may  contact  Kfintech  at  Tel  No.  1-800-309-4001  
(toll free) to obtain login id and password or send a request to 
einward.ris@kfintech.com.
iii.  Members who may require any technical assistance or support 
before or during the AGM are requested to contact KFintech at 
toll free number 1-800-309-4001 or write to them at evoting@
kfintech.com.
5.      The  results  of  the  electronic  voting  shall  be  declared  to  the  
Stock Exchanges, not later than 48 hours of conclusion of the 
AGM. The results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, shall also 
be placed on the website of the Company.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Place: Chennai
Date: 28 August, 2025
Jayashree Sethuraman
Company Secretary
Membership No: F12977
Registered Office:
1, New Tank Street, Valluvar Kottam High Road,
Nungambakkam, Chennai-600034.
Corporate Office
No.148, Acropolis Building, RadhaKrishnan Salai,
Mylapore, Chennai 600004.

Board’s Report
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
92
The  Directors  have  pleasure  in  presenting  the  20
th
  Annual  Report  
on  business  and  operations  of  Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  
Company Limited (the Company), along with the audited financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 March, 2025.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
The  Company  received  approval  from  the  Insurance  Regulatory  
and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) on March 16, 2006 to 
carry on General Insurance business to underwrite Health, Personal 
Accident and Travel Insurance. Since, then the Company had been 
servicing the public in the Health insurance segment. The Company 
has  renewed  its  IRDAI  license  within  the  stipulated  time  for   
FY 2024-25.
Considering  the  awareness  and  increased  demand  for  Health  
Insurance,  the  Company  has  designed  specialized  products  for  
every segment and strives to be the most admired health insurer.
The  Company  continues  to  grow  through  prudent  underwriting  
practices,  strong  retention  of  premium  coupled  with  diversified  
investments  portfolio,  control  over  incurred  claims  ratio  and  
rationalizing  expenses.  The  Company’s  core  values  -  Customer  
Centricity,   Innovation   and   Transparency   are   established   
through  efficient  and  effective  customer  service  and  robust  
digital infrastructure.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 ` in crores
ParticularsFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Gross Direct Premium16,716.2015,254.45
Net Earned Premium14,822.2012,938.27
Claims Paid10,353.278,913.60
Net Incurred Claims10,419.378,593.96
Net Commission2,240.721,859.64
Operating Expenses2,540.612,395.36
Investment Income1,279.031,083.11
Profit before Tax861.051,128.85
Profit after Tax645.86845.01
CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS
During  the  year,  there  has  been  no  change  in  the  nature  of  the  
business of the Company.
INVESTMENTS
The investment assets was `17,898.37 crores (PY `15,490.89 crores) 
and the weighted average yield on income bearing investments was 
7.79 % as on 31 March, 2025 (PY 7.66%).
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS AFFECTING 
THE FINANCIAL POSITION
There  are  no  material  changes  and  commitments  affecting  the  
financial position of the Company.
RESERVES & SURPLUS
The Company has not made any apportionment to Capital Reserve, 
Capital Redemption Reserve, General Reserves or any other reserves 
including the Debenture Redemption Reserve.
SOLVENCY
IRDAI  requires  insurance  companies  to  maintain  a  minimum  
solvency of 1.5 times, which is calculated in a manner as specified 
in the IRDAI (Actuarial, Finance and Investment) Regulations, 2024.
The solvency position of the Company as at 31 March, 2025 was 2.21 
times (PY 2.21 times).
SHARE CAPITAL
During  the  year,  the  Company  allotted  25,03,078  equity  shares  
to  eligible  employees  under  the  Employee  Stock  Option  Scheme  
-ESOP 2019.
The equity shares allotted during the year rank paripassu with the 
existing  equity  shares  issued  by  the  Company.  As  on  31  March,  
2025 the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company stood at `587.79 crores (PY- 585.28 crores) comprising of 
58,77,86,459 equity shares (PY- 58,52,83,381 equity shares) of face 
value of `10 each.
The  Company  has  not  issued  any  equity  shares  with  differential  
voting rights or sweat equity shares during the year.
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (NCD’S)
The Company had issued NCD’s that are listed, unsecured, fully paid 
up, redeemable and issued in the nature of ‘subordinated debt’ in 
accordance with IRDAI (Other Forms of Capital) Regulations, 2015, 
which  was  substituted  by  IRDAI  (Registration,  Capital  Structure,  
Transfer of Shares and Amalgamation of Insurers) Regulations, 2024, 
SEBI  (Issue  and  Listing  of  Non-Convertible  Securities)  Regulations, 
2021 and other applicable rules, laws and regulations.
The NCD’s are listed on the Debt market segment of National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
93
As  at  31  March,  2025,  the  Company  had  4700  outstanding  NCD’s  
with  face  value  of  `10,00,000  each  aggregating  to  `  470  crores  
(Rupees  Four  hundred  and  Seventy  crore  only).  The  details  of  the  
NCD’s are as given below.
ISININE575P08032INE575P08040
Issue Date29 September, 202128 October, 2021
Number of
Debentures
4000700
Face value per
Debenture
`10.00,000`10.00,000
Interest Rate per 
annum
8.75%8.75%
Listed / unlistedListedListed
Call date30 September, 202629 October, 2026
Redemption date29 September, 202829 October, 2028
The  Company  has  ensured  to  meet  its  obligations  towards  NCD’s  
and  paid  the  interest  to  the  debenture  holders  on  the  respective  
due dates.
CREDIT RATING
During the year, for the subordinate debt of 4700 Non-Convertible 
Debentures  issued  by  the  Company,  India  Rating  and  Research  
Private  Limited  has  upgraded  and  assigned  rating  of  -  IND  AA  /
Stable and Care Ratings Limited has reaffirmed and assigned rating 
of - IND AA /Stable.
The rating letters can be accessed at
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Credit_Rating_India_
Ratings02102024_fec1ededca.pdf
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Creditratings_Outcome_1_
Apr_2025_a4ec0a99ff.pdf
ISSUER RATING
During  the  year  under  review,  India  Rating  and  Research  Private  
Limited  and  Care  Ratings  Limited  has  assigned  long-term  issuer  
rating of AA+ Stable for the Company.
The issuer rating can be accessed at
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Credit_Rating_India_
Ratings02102024_fec1ededca.pdf
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Credit_
Rating05042024_2a3e45c92f.pdf
LOANS  RECEIVED  FROM  DIRECTORS  AND/OR  THEIR  
RELATIVES:
Your Company has not received any loans from the Directors or their 
relatives for the financial year ended 31 March, 2025,
DEPOSITS
The Company has not accepted any deposits from public and no 
amount on account of principal or interest on deposits from public 
was outstanding as on the date of the Balance Sheet.
DIVIDEND
The Board has not recommended any dividend for the financial year 
ended 31 March, 2025.
POLICY ON DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
In  terms  of  Regulation  43A  of  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI LODR), the Board 
of Directors have formulated and adopted the Policy on Dividend 
Distribution. The Policy is displayed in the website under web link: 
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Dividend_Distribution_
Policy_1db3217dfe.pdf
TRANSFER  OF  UNCLAIMED  DIVIDEND  TO  INVESTOR  
EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND
The Company has not paid any dividends during the year and hence 
there is no requirement to transfer unpaid or unclaimed dividends 
to Investor Education and Protection Fund as on 31 March, 2025.
SUBSIDIARIES,   JOINT   VENTURES   AND   ASSOCIATE   
COMPANIES
 Pursuant to section 129 (3)(1) of the Companies Act 2013 (the Act) 
read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 the Company 
does not have any associate, Joint Venture or Subsidiary as on 31 
March, 2025. Hence, the disclosure under Section 129(2) of the Act 
in Form AOC-1 is not applicable.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant  to  the  Insurance  Act,  1938  and  Regulations  framed  
thereunder, the Act and relevant rules made thereunder, the SEBI 
LODR  and  IRDAI  (Corporate  Governance  for  Insurers)  Regulations  
2024  (IRDAI  CGR  2024),  the  Company  has  a  strong,  independent  
and diverse Board with optimum combination of Executive and Non 
–Executive Directors.
As on 31 March, 2025, the Board of the Company consisted of nine 
(9) Directors, out of which five (5) are Non-Executive Independent 
Directors  including  two  (2)  women  Non-Executive  Independent  
Directors,  three  (3)  Non-Executive  Nominee  Directors  and  one  (1)  
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (MD and CEO).
The  Board  comprises  of  members  who  are  eminent  persons  with  
considerable  expertise  and  experience  in  Insurance,  Marketing,  
Finance, Public administration and Law.
CHANGE IN THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS-MARCH 31, 2025
During  the  year  under  review,  due  to  personal  reasons  and  
professional occupancy Mr.Berjis Minoo Desai (DIN: 00153675) has 
resigned as Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company 
on 23 April, 2024 resulting in resignation before the completion of 
his tenure as Non-Executive Independent Director.
Further as per sub-clause (j) of clause (2) of Section C of Schedule V 
of SEBI LODR Mr.Berjis Minoo Desai has confirmed that there were 
no material reasons behind the said resignation.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
During the year under review, six (6) Board meetings were held.
Detailed  information  on  the  same  is  provided  in  the  Report  on  
Corporate  Governance  (
Annexure  1)  which  forms  part  of  the  
Annual Report.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
94
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The below are the committees constituted by the Board
A.  Audit Committee
B.  Investment Committee
C.  Nomination and Remuneration Committee
D.  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
E.  Risk Management Committee
F.      Policyholders  Protection  Grievance  Redressal  and  Claims  
Monitoring Committee
G.  Stakeholders Relationship Committee
H.  Information Technology Committee
I.  Board Administrative Committee
The  details  of  composition,  terms  of  reference  and  number  of  
meetings  held  for  the  respective  Committees  are  available  in  the  
Report on Corporate Governance (
Annexure 1), which forms a part 
of the Annual Report.
DIRECTORS RETIRING BY ROTATION
In  accordance  with  Section  152  of  the  Act  and  the  Company’s  
Articles of Association, Mr. Deepak Ramineedi, (DIN: 07631768) Non-
Executive Nominee Director, Safecrop Investments India LLP retires 
by  rotation  in  the  ensuing  Annual  General  Meeting  (AGM)  and  is  
eligible for re-appointment. Mr. Deepak Ramineedi offers himself for 
re-appointment. He is not disqualified under Section 164 of the Act.
A resolution seeking the approval of the members and other details 
as required under the statutory provisions forms part of the Notice 
of the AGM.
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
All  the  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  have  declared  
that  they  meet  the  criteria  of  independence  as  laid  down  under  
Section 149(6) & (7) of the Act, the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 
Regulation 25 of the SEBI LODR, each as amended.
All the Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have 
complied  with  the  Code  of  Independent  Directors  prescribed  
in  Schedule  IV  of  the  Act  and  the  Company’s  Code  of  Conduct  
(applicable  to  the  Directors  including  Independent  Directors  and  
Senior Management).
There  has  been  no  change  in  their  circumstance  affecting  their  
status as Independent Directors of the Company.
ANNUAL EVALUATION OF BOARD PERFORMANCE AND 
PERFORMANCE OF ITS COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL 
DIRECTORS
The annual evaluation of the Board of Directors, Individual Directors 
and Board sub- committees was conducted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act, IRDAI CGR 2024 and the SEBI LODR.
The  Company  has  in  place  a  Board  approved  performance  
evaluation  framework,  which  lays  down  Guidelines  for  annual  
performance evaluation of the Board and its Committee(s), MD and 
CEO, Individual Directors and Independent Directors.
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMPS)
Pursuant to Section 203 of the Act and IRDAI CGR 2024, the KMPs of 
the Company as on 31 March, 2025 are as given below
1.  Mr. Anand Roy, MD and CEO
2.  Mr. Nilesh Kambli, Chief Financial Officer
3.  Ms. Jayashree Sethuraman, Company Secretary
4.  Mr. Aneesh Srivastava, Chief Investment Officer
5.  Ms. Radha Vijayaraghavan, Chief Compliance Officer
6.  Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora, Appointed Actuary
CHANGES IN KMP
Mr.Vishwajeet Mohnot ceased to be the Chief Compliance Officer 
and Ms. Radha Vijayaraghavan was appointed as Chief Compliance 
Officer with effect from 30 April, 2024. 
Dr. Sriharsha Achar Chief Human Resource Officer was reclassified 
as non KMP with effect from 06 May, 2024.
Further  on  account  of  re-organisation  at  top  management  level,  
Mr.  Amitabh  Jain,  Chief  Operating  Officer,  Mr.  Himanshu  Walia,  
Chief  Marketing  Officer,  Mr.  Vikas  Sharma,  Chief  Distribution  
Officer, Mr. Biju Menon, Chief Business Officer, Mr. Mukesh Sharma, 
Chief  Digital  Transformation  Officer  and  Mr.  Vishwajeet  Mohnot,  
Executive President were re-classified as non- KMP with effect from 
30 July, 2024.
Mr. Kapil Punwani resigned as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company 
with effect from 22 November, 2024.
Consequent  to  resignation  of  Mr.  Chandrasekhar  Dwivedi  as  the  
Appointed Actuary of the Company with effect from 03 May, 2024, 
Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora was appointed as the Appointed Actuary 
of the Company with effect from 18 December, 2024.
POLICY    RELATING    TO    THE    NOMINATION    AND    
REMUNERATION  OF  DIRECTORS,  KMP  AND  OTHER  
EMPLOYEES
The Company has a Board approved Policy relating to Nomination 
and Remuneration of the Directors, KMP and Other Employees. The 
policy strives to establish an effective governance of compensation 
and sound remuneration structure for the Directors, KMPs and other 
employees.  Further,  it  aims  at  preventing  situations  of  conflict  of  
interest while appointing any employee or member of the Board.
The said policy is hosted on the company’s website under the web 
link https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Nomination_and_
remuneration_policy_24aee0fd19.pdf
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant  to  Regulation  34  of  the  SEBI  LODR,  IRDAI  CGR  2024,  the  
Report on Corporate Governance is enclosed as 
Annexure 1 along 

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
95
with the certificate from a Practicing Company Secretary certifying 
compliance, which is enclosed as 
Annexure A which forms a part 
of the Annual Report.
CODE OF CONDUCT
The  Company  has  adopted  a  Code  of  Conduct  for  the  Board  and  
senior management. The Code is hosted on the company’s website 
under  the  web  link  https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/code_
of_conduct_09a08d8c20.pdf
The Board and the Senior Management have affirmed compliance 
with the aforesaid code for the financial year ended 31 March, 2025.
The  MD  and  CEO  certification  in  this  respect  is  enclosed  
as 
Annexure  –  B to  the  report  on  Corporate  Governance   
(
Annexure 1), which forms a part of the Annual Report.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
In accordance with the provisions of the Act and IRDAI CGR 2024, 
the  Board  has  initially  constituted  Corporate  Social  Responsibility  
Committee (“the Committee”) on 08 May, 2014.
During  the  year  under  review,  consequent  to  appointment  
of  Mr.  Rajeev  Kher  as  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  
the  Company,  the  Board  reconstituted  the  CSR  Committee  on   
25 June, 2024.
The  Company  has  formulated  the  Policy  on  Corporate  Social  
Responsibility, which sets out the framework guiding the Company’s 
CSR activities. The Policy also sets out the framework for selecting 
and implementing CSR activities.
The  Policy  is  hosted  on  the  company’s  website  under  the  web  
link https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Corporate_Social_
Responsibility_Policy_ea3c53aa5e.pdf
The Composition of the Committee, expenditure incurred and the 
CSR Activities undertaken during FY 2024-25 forms part of the Report 
on CSR (
Annexure II), which forms part of the Annual Report.
VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISLE BLOWER POLICY
Pursuant  to  Section  177(9)  of  the  Act,  a  vigil  mechanism/Whistle  
Blower  Policy  was  formulated  for  directors,  employees  and  all  
other  stakeholders  associated  with  the  company  to  report  to  the  
management instances of unethical behavior, actual or suspected, 
fraud or violation of the Company’s policies and so on.
The  details  of  the  disclosure  under  the  Vigil  Mechanism/Whistle  
Blower Policy are detailed in the Report on Corporate Governance 
(
Annexure I), which forms part of the Annual Report.
INTERNAL  FINANCIAL  CONTROL  SYSTEMS  AND  THEIR  
ADEQUACY
The  Company’s  internal  financial  control  systems  have  been  
implemented  with  robust  processes  that  protects  the  interest  of  
the Company and commensurate with the nature and size of the 
business,  the  complexity  of  operations  and  such  controls  with  
reference to the Financial Statements are adequate.
LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGES
The Company’s equity shares are listed on National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited and BSE Limited.
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS
No significant and materials orders were passed by the regulators 
or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and the 
Company’s operations in future. There was no application made or 
proceeding pending against the Company under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016) during the year under review.
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
During  the  year,  the  Company  did  not  transfer  any  shares  or  
unclaimed dividends to IEPF.
AUDITORS
A. Statutory Auditors
  M/s. Brahmayya & Co, Firm Registration Number: 000511S and 
M/s. V Sankar Aiyar & Co, Firm Registration Number: 109208W 
retired as the joint statutory auditors of the Company at the 
19
th
 AGM of the Company.
    M/s.  T  R  Chadha  &  Co  LLP  (FRN:  006711N)  and  M/s.  MSKA  
&  Associates  (FRN:  105047W)  were  appointed  as  the  joint  
statutory auditors for a term of 4 years commencing from the 
conclusion  of  the  Nineteenth  AGM  of  the  Company  till  the  
conclusion of the Twenty-third AGM of the Company.
 The joint statutory auditors were present in the last AGM.
B. Secretarial Auditor
    Pursuant  to  204  of  the  Act  and  the  SEBI  LODR,  M  /s.  Chitra  
Lalitha & Associates, a firm of Practicing Company Secretaries, 
were  appointed  as  Secretarial  Auditors  of  the  Company  for  
FY 2024-25.
C. Concurrent Auditor
    M/s.  Singhi  &  Co,  Chartered  Accountants  were  appointed  
as  Concurrent  Auditors  to  carry  out  concurrent  audit  of  the  
investment functions for FY 2024-25.
D. Internal Auditor
    The  Company  has  an  in-house  Internal  Audit  team.  They  
effectively  carry  out  the  internal  audit  of  all  the  functions  of  
the Company, highlight areas that require attention and report 
their findings and recommendations to the Audit Committee 
of  the  Board.  The  internal  audit  team  is  assisted  by  Internal  
Audit partner Ernst & Young. The Audit Committee reviews the 
audit findings, the actions taken thereon, and the effectiveness 
of the internal control systems on a quarterly basis.
AUDIT   REPORTS,   QUALIFICATIONS   AND   ADVERSE   
REMARKS
The  Company  did  not  receive  any  audit  qualifications/adverse  
remarks from the Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditors, Concurrent 
Auditors and Internal Auditors for FY 2024-25.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
96
As  required  under  the  Act  and  SEBI  LODR,  the  Secretarial  Audit  
Report forms part of the Annual Report as 
Annexure III.
REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS
During  the  year  under  review,  there  were  no  instances  of  frauds  
reported  by  the  Joint  Statutory  Auditors  and  Secretarial  Auditors  
under Section 143(12) of the Act to the Audit Committee or Board 
of Directors of the Company.
MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
Being a Health Insurance Company, the Company is not required to 
maintain cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act.
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The  Company  has  in  place  proper  systems  to  ensure  compliance  
with the provisions of Secretarial Standards i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, as amended from 
time to time with respect to Meetings of Board and its Committees 
and General Meetings respectively. The systems are adequate and 
operate effectively.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In compliance with Section 188 of the Act read with the Rules made 
thereunder, Regulation 23 of SEBI LODR and the IRDAI CGR 2024 the 
Company  has  formulated  a  Policy  on  Related  Party  Transactions.  
The  Policy  is  hosted  on  the  company’s  website  at:  https://
d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Related_Party_Transactions_
Policy_ab744f2a20.pdf
The Audit Committee had accorded omnibus approval for related 
party  transactions  and  the  Audit  Committee  on  a  quarterly  basis  
reviews  all  the  related  party  transactions.  There  were  no  material  
transactions of the Company with any of its related parties. Hence, 
the  requirement  for  Members  approval  and  disclosure  of  Related  
Party Transactions as required under Section 134(3)(h) of the Act in 
Form AOC-2 did not arise.
The  details  of  related  party  transactions  are  disclosed  in  Note  
No.5.2.7 of the Notes to Financial Statements for FY 2024-25.
ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 92(3), Section 134 of the Act read with Rule 11 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as 
amended, the Annual Return in Form MGT-7 for FY 2024-25 will be 
hosted on the website of the Company under the web link: https://
d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/MGT_725_f4f2ac2271.pdf
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
The  Board  of  Directors  have  constituted  a  Risk  Management  
Committee,  which  regularly  assesses  the  risk  and  advises  suitable  
measures to mitigate the same. The Board approved Enterprise Risk 
Management policy sets out the framework for risk management, 
and mitigation.
The  Chief  Risk  officer  is  responsible  for  identification,  reporting  
and  monitoring  the  risks  and  reports  to  the  Risk  Management  
Committee on a quarterly basis.
In the opinion of the Board there are no elements having significant 
impact on the Company.
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT
The  Company  has  zero  tolerance  for  sexual  harassment  at  the  
workplace  and  has  adopted  a  Policy  on  Prevention,  Prohibition  
and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at the Workplace. The detailed 
disclosure  on  the  same  is  provided  in  the  Report  on  Corporate  
Governance (
Annexure 1) which forms part of the Annual Report.
The  statement  as  required  under  Companies  (Accounts)  Second  
Amendment Rules. 2025 as on 31 March, 2025 is given below
(a)    number  of  complaints  of  sexual  harassment  received  in  the  
year: 9
(b) number of complaints disposed off during the year; 6 and
(c) number of cases pending for more than ninety days :1
MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT 1961
The Company is in compliance with all provisions of the Maternity 
Benefit Act 1961.
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION -EMPLOYEES
The  statement  containing  particulars  of  employees  as  required  
under  Section  197  of  the  Act  read  with  Rule  5(1)  and  Rule  5(2)  of  
the  Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  
Personnel)  Rules,  2014,  forms  part  of  the  Annual  Report  as  
Annexure IV.
The statement containing particulars of employees as required under 
Section  197  read  with  Rule  5(2)  of  the  Companies  (Appointment  
and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014  forms  
part of the Annual Report. Pursuant to Section 136 of the Act, the 
Annual Report including Financial Statements are being sent to the 
Members of the Company excluding the aforesaid statement.
Further, in terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open 
for  inspection  and  any  Member  interested  in  obtaining  a  copy  of  
the same may write to the Company Secretary of the Company at 
investors@starhealth.in
FOREIGN EXCHANGE - EARNINGS AND OUTGO
(` in crores)
DescriptionFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Foreign Exchange Earnings0.87-
Foreign Exchange Outflow3.972.73
CONSERVATION   OF   ENERGY   AND   TECHNOLOGY   
ABSORPTION:
The  details  of  energy  and  technology  absorption  is  disclosed  in  
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report for the year ended 
31 March, 2025 and forms part of the Annual Report as 
Annexure V.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
97
BUSINESS   RESPONSIBILITY   AND   SUSTAINABILITY   
REPORT (BRSR)
Pursuant  to  Regulation  34(2)(f)  of  the  SEBI  LODR  read  with  the  
various circulars issued by SEBI the report on BRSR for FY 2025 forms 
part of the Annual Report as 
Annexure V.
The Report is hosted on the Company’s website under the web link 
https://www.starhealth.in/investors/sebi-equity-disclosures/
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Pursuant  to  Regulation  34  of  the  SEBI  LODR,  the  Management’s  
discussion and analysis forms part of the Annual Report.
APPLICATION  /  PROCEEDING  PENDING  UNDER  THE  
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
There  are  no  applications  or  proceedings  filed  or  pending  under  
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 that would impact the 
operations of the Company.
DETAILS   OF   DIFFERENCE   BETWEEN   AMOUNT   OF   
THE  VALUATION  DONE  AT  THE  TIME  OF  ONE  TIME  
SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING 
LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF.
During  the  year,  the  Company  has  not  done  any  one-  time  
settlement nor availed any loans from Banks or Financial Institutions.
MANAGEMENT REPORT
In  accordance  with  Part  IV,  Schedule  B  of  the  IRDAI  (Actuarial,  
Finance  and  Investment  Functions  of  Insurers)  Regulations,  2024,  
the Management Report forms a part of the financial statements.
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN (ESOP)-
The  Company  has  introduced  Employee  Stock  Option  Plan  to  
motivate the eligible employees and to give them an opportunity to 
participate in the Company’s growth, thereby, acting as a retention 
tool as well as to align the efforts of such talent towards long term 
value creation in the organization and attract new talent.
ESOP 2019
The Board and the Members vide their resolution dated 6 August, 2019 had approved the ESOP 2019 for issuance and allotment of 2,40,05,326 
(Two crore, Forty lakhs, Five thousand, Three Hundred and Twenty Six) equity shares under the said plan, out of which 2,20,80,622 (Net) 
options were granted till FY 2024-25 to the employees.
In compliance with Section 62(1) (b) of the Act, rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended, the 
salient features of the ESOP 2019 are stated as below:
ParticularsESOP- 2019
(a)  Options granted (Net)2,20,80,622
(b)  Options vested1,89,81,634
(c)  Options exercised1,57,28,411
(d)  The total number of shares arising as a result of exercise of option1,57,28,411
(e)  Number of Options lapsed35,06,218
(f )  The exercise price in `
142.43  |  480.50  |  486.00  |488.96  |  528.53  |  555.75  |  584.30  |  
593.70 | 604.85 | 607.55 | 613.35 | 711.60 | 719.05
(g)  Variation of terms of optionsNil
(h)  Money realized by exercise of options
` 2,40,97,78,357
(i)  Total number of options in force (Outstanding Options)63,52,211
(j)   Options granted to Key Managerial Personnel as on 31 March, 202553,46,715
Key managerial personnel
Name of the KMPNo. of Options Granted
Mr. Anand Roy33,60,746
Mr. Nilesh Kambli12,11,028
Mr. Aneesh Srivastava7,42,985
Ms. Jayashree Sethuraman21,956
Ms. Radha Vijayaraghavan10,000
(ii)  Any other employee who receives a grant of options in any one year of 
option  amounting  to  five  percent  or  more  of  options  granted  during  
that year.
Nil
(iii)          Identified  employees  who  were  granted  option,  during  any  one  year,  
equal  to  or  exceeding  one  percent  of  the  issued  capital  (excluding  
outstanding warrants and conversions) of the company at the time of 
grant;
Nil

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
98
ESOP 2024
The  Board  of  Directors  in  their  meeting  on  11  February,  2025  had  approved  the  Employee  Stock  Option  Plan  2024  and  the  same  was  
subsequently approved by the Shareholders vide Postal Ballot dated 15 March, 2025.
The Stock Exchanges have granted the in principle approval for the scheme on 17 June, 2025.
In compliance with Section 62(1) (b) of the Act, rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended, the 
salient features of the ESOP 2024 are stated as below:
ParticularsESOP- 2024
(a)  Options granted (Net)Nil
(b)  Options vestedNil
(c) Options exercisedNil
(d)  The total number of shares arising as a result of exercise of optionNil
(e)  Options lapsedNil
(f )  The exercise priceNil
(g)  Variation of terms of optionsNil
(h)  Money realized by exercise of optionsNil
(i)  Total number of options in forceNil
(j)  Options granted to Key Managerial Personnel as on 31 March, 2025Nil
(ii)       Any other employee who receives a grant of options in any one year of option amounting to five percent or 
more of options granted during that year.
Nil
(iii)      Identified employees who were granted option, during any one year, equal to or exceeding one percent of the 
issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the company at the time of grant;
Nil
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Based on the framework of internal financial controls and compliance 
systems  established  and  maintained  by  the  Company,  the  work  
performed  by  the  internal,  statutory  and  secretarial  auditors  and  
the reviews performed by management and the relevant Board sub-
Committees, the Board is of the opinion that the Company’s internal 
financial controls were adequate and effective during FY 2024-25.
Pursuant  to  Section  134(5)  of  the  Act  and  in  accordance  with  
Insurance  Act,  1938,  the  Board  of  Directors,  to  the  best  of  its  
knowledge and ability, confirm that:
a)  in the preparation of the Annual Accounts for the year ended 
31  March,  2025  the  applicable  Accounting  Standards  have  
been followed and there are no material departures;
b)      appropriate  accounting  policies  have  been  selected  and  
applied consistently and such judgments and estimates that 
are  reasonable  and  prudent  have  been  made  so  as  to  give  
a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as 
at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  ended  31  March,  2025  and  
of the profit of the Company for the financial year ended 31 
March, 2025;
c)    proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance 
of  adequate  accounting  records  in  accordance  with  the  
provisions  of  the  Act,  for  safeguarding  the  assets  of  the  
Company  and  for  preventing  and  detecting  fraud  and  
other irregularities;
d)      the  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  ‘going  
concern’ basis;
e)  internal financial controls had been laid down to be followed 
by the company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and are operating effectively;
f)     proper  systems  are  devised  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  
provisions of all applicable laws and such systems are adequate 
and operating effectively.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The  Directors  wish  to  thank  the  officials  and  members  of  IRDAI  
for  their  continued  guidance  and  support  to  your  Company.  The  
support  and  co-operation  extended  by  all  the  shareholders  and  
stakeholders merit appreciation. The Directors express their sincere 
appreciation to the employees of the Company at all levels for their 
hard work, dedication and commitment.
The  Directors  also  thank  the  Bankers,  Corporate  partners  and  
customers for their valued support to your Company.
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Chennai
Date: 29 July, 2025
Anand Roy
Managing Director &CEO
DIN: 08602245

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
99
1.             COMPANY’S     PHILOSOPHY     ON     CODE     OF     
GOVERNANCE
Corporate  Governance  is  a  set  of  systems,  processes  and  
principles,  which  ensure  that  the  Company  is  governed  in  
the  best  interest  of  the  stakeholders.  Corporate  Governance  
provides  a  framework  for  attaining  the  Company’s  objectives  
and defines the relationship between the shareholders, Board 
of  Directors  and  management.  The  Company’s  governance  
philosophy  is  rooted  in  the  belief  that  sound  governance  
practices  are  essential  not  only  for  compliance  but  also  for  
strategic growth and stakeholder confidence.
The  IRDAI  CGR  2024,  the  Act  and  the  SEBI  LODR  details  
the  Corporate  Governance  framework  to  be  followed  by  
the Company.
The Company has complied with the prescribed Act, Guidelines 
and Regulations for FY 2024-25.
The  Corporate  Governance  structure  broadly  comprises  the  
Board  of  Directors  and  the  various  Committees  of  the  Board  
at  the  apex  level  and  the  Management  structure,  monitoring  
internal  control  systems,  Risk  Management  Framework,  
Statutory & other Audits, Information System controls, approved 
procedures of delegation, and reporting at the operational level. 
This governance structure enables the Company to uphold high 
standards of corporate conduct, meet regulatory expectations, 
and deliver value to all stakeholders.
2.   THE BOARD
The Board is at the core of our corporate governance framework, 
which  oversees  and  ensures  that  the  Company  serves  and  
protects  the  long-term  interest  of  all  our  stakeholders.  We  
believe that an active, well-informed, diverse and independent 
Board  is  necessary  to  ensure  the  highest  standards  of  
corporate governance. The Directors acknowledge their duties 
as  prescribed  under  the  Act,  the  rules  framed  thereunder,  
Guidelines and the Regulations.
ANNEXURE I
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Through regular meetings, strategic reviews, and performance 
evaluations, the Board remains actively involved in shaping the 
Company’s  vision,  monitoring  execution,  and  ensuring  that  
governance practices evolve in line with regulatory expectations 
and global best practices.
 Board Composition
The Board has appropriate combination of Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive  Non  Independent  Nominee  Directors,  Non  –  
Executive  Independent  Women  Directors  and  Non-Executive  
Independent  Directors  to  maintain  the  Board’s  independence  
and separate its functions of governance and management.
As on 31 March, 2025, the Board comprised of Nine (9) Directors 
out of which five (5) are Non-Executive Independent Directors 
including  2  Independent  Women  Directors,  three  (3)  Non-
Executive  Non  Independent  Nominee  Directors  and  the  MD  
and CEO.
The  Board  of  Directors  are  of  South  Asian  ethnicity  and  are  
Indian nationals.
The composition of the Board and its sub -committees of the 
Company are in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI LODR 
read with Section 149 of the Act and IRDAI CGR 2024.
In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  the  independent  directors  fulfil  
the conditions specified in SEBI LODR and are independent of 
the management.
 Board Competence
The  Company  has  a  diversified  Board  consisting  of  members  
who  are  eminent  personnel  with  considerable  expertise  
and  experience  in  Insurance,  Marketing,  Finance,  Public  
Administration, Law, and Securities Market.
The composition of the Board as at the year ended 31 March, 2025 is as given below:
NameDIN
Category Executive/
Non-Executive
DesignationQualification
Field of 
Specialization
Mr. Anand Roy08602245ExecutiveMD and CEOB. Com, MBA (Finance 
and Marketing)
Marketing
Mr. Rohit Bhasin02478962Non –ExecutiveIndependent DirectorCAFinance
Ms. Anisha Motwani06943493Non –ExecutiveIndependent DirectorMBAMarketing
Ms. Rajni Sekhri 
Sibal
09176377Non –ExecutiveIndependent DirectorIndian Administrative 
Service
Strategic Planning, 
Policy Formulation and 
project management
Mr. Rajeev 
Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal
07984221Non –ExecutiveIndependent DirectorB.E. Electronics and 
Communication-
Indian Institute of 
Technology Roorkee
Securities and 
Commodities Market

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
100
NameDIN
Category Executive/
Non-Executive
DesignationQualification
Field of 
Specialization
Mr. Rajeev Kher01192524Non –ExecutiveIndependent DirectorIndian Administrative 
Service
International Trade, 
Industrial Policy, 
Environmental 
Management, and 
Global Governance
Mr. Deepak 
Ramineedi
07631768Non –ExecutiveNominee Director 
Safecrop Investments 
LLP
B Tech (Electrical 
Engineering), MBA
Equity Investments
Mr.Sumir Chadha00040789Non –ExecutiveNominee Director 
Safecrop Investments 
LLP
BSE(Computer 
Science) & MBA
Investments
Mr. Utpal Hemendra 
Sheth
00081012Non –ExecutiveNominee Director 
of Late Mr.Rakesh 
Jhunjhunwala
B.Com, CWA, CFAInvestments
    Director  skills,  expertise,  competencies  and  attributes  desirable  in  Company’s  business  and  sector  in  which  it  
functions
In compliance with the SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024 the Board has identified the core skills / expertise / competencies for the effective 
functioning of the Company which are listed below:
Areas of Skills/ Expertise/ Competence
Directors NameLeadershipStrategyOperationsTechnologyFinanceGovernance
Government/
Regulatory Affairs
Mr. Anand Roy

Ms.Anisha Motwani

Mr.Rohit Bhasin

Ms.Rajni Sekhri Sibal

Mr.Rajeev Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal

Mr.Rajeev Kher

Mr.Sumir Chadha
 
Mr.Deepak Ramineedi

Mr.Utpal Hemendra Sheth

 Attendance of directors in the Board meetings held during FY 2024-25
During the year, six Board meetings were held.
Name of the director
No. of Board meeting
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
123456
30  
April, 
2024
30  
July, 
2024
23  
September, 
2024
29  
October, 
2024
28 
January, 
2025
20
March, 
2025
Mr. Anand RoyPPPPPP66100
Ms.Anisha MotwaniPPPPPP66100
Mr.Rohit BhasinPPPPPP66100
Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalPPPPPP66100
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal
PPPPPP66100
Mr. Rajeev KherNAPPPPP55100
Mr.Sumir ChadhaPPLOAPPP6583.33
Mr. Deepak RamineediPPPPPP66100
Mr. Utpal Hemendra ShethPPPPPP66100
 Notes:
 P denotes present      NA denotes not applicable       LOA denotes leave of absence
The Board met at least four times a year and not more than one hundred and twenty days (120) days elapsed between any two meetings 
as prescribed under various statutes and regulations.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
101
 Details of Directorship/Chairpersonship/Membership as per SEBI LODR as on 31 March, 2025
Name of the 
Director
Position and Name of the Indian 
listed Entities in which he/she is a 
Director
No of 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No of Non-
Executive 
Independent 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No. of 
Membership 
in Audit/
Stakeholders 
Committee in 
listed & Unlisted 
entities except 
Private Limited 
and Foreign 
Companies
 No. of 
Chairmanship 
in Audit / 
Stakeholder 
Committee 
in listed & 
Unlisted 
entities 
except Private 
Limited & 
Foreign 
Companies
Mr. Anand RoyExecutive Director of Star Health and Allied 
Insurance Company Limited –Listed entity
1010
Ms.Anisha 
Motwani
Non-Executive - Independent Director of 
following Indian listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2. Raymond Lifestyle Limited
3. Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
4. Ceigall India Limited
5.  Nuvama  Wealth  Management 
Limited formerly known as Edelweiss 
Securities Limited
6. Abbott India Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
7.  Versuni India Home Solutions 
Limited formerly known as Philips 
Domestic Appliances India Limited
8. Godrej Finance Limited
6673
Mr. Rohit BhasinNon-Executive - Independent Director of 
following Indian listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2. Dr. Lal Pathlabs Limited
3. Yatra Online Limited
4. ICICI Bank Limited
  Director of following Indian Public 
Limited entities
5. Indira IVF Hospital Limited
6.  Bluestone Jewellery And Lifestyle 
Limited
4495

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
102
Name of the 
Director
Position and Name of the Indian 
listed Entities in which he/she is a 
Director
No of 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No of Non-
Executive 
Independent 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No. of 
Membership 
in Audit/
Stakeholders 
Committee in 
listed & Unlisted 
entities except 
Private Limited 
and Foreign 
Companies
 No. of 
Chairmanship 
in Audit / 
Stakeholder 
Committee 
in listed & 
Unlisted 
entities 
except Private 
Limited & 
Foreign 
Companies
Ms.Rajni Sekhri 
Sibal
Non-Executive - Independent Director of 
following Indian listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2.  Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited
3. Birla Corporation Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
4. GKN Driveline (India) Limited
5. Paytm Payments Bank Limited
6.  Aviva Life Insurance Company India 
Limited
7.  International Center For Research On 
Women
3351
Mr.Rajeev 
Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal
Non-Executive - Independent Director of 
following Indian listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2. Ugro Capital Limited
3. ACC Limited
4. MKVentures Capital Limited
5.  One 97 Communications Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
6. Paytm Money Limited
5594
Mr. Rajeev KherNon-Executive - Independent Director of 
following Indian listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2. Alkem Laboratories Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
3. Airtel Payments Bank Limited
4. ICAI Registered Valuers Organisation
2210

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
103
Name of the 
Director
Position and Name of the Indian 
listed Entities in which he/she is a 
Director
No of 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No of Non-
Executive 
Independent 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including 
this listed 
entity
No. of 
Membership 
in Audit/
Stakeholders 
Committee in 
listed & Unlisted 
entities except 
Private Limited 
and Foreign 
Companies
 No. of 
Chairmanship 
in Audit / 
Stakeholder 
Committee 
in listed & 
Unlisted 
entities 
except Private 
Limited & 
Foreign 
Companies
Mr.Sumir 
Chadha
Nominee Director of following Indian 
listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2.  Aptus Value Housing Finance India 
Limited
3.  India Shelter Finance Corporation 
Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
4. Kiwi General Insurance Limited
3000
Mr.Deepak 
Ramineedi
Nominee Director of following Indian 
listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
  Director of following Indian unlisted 
Public Limited entities
2. Kiwi General Insurance Limited
1010
Mr.Utpal 
Hemendra 
Sheth
Nominee Director of following Indian 
listed entities
1.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
2. Metro Brands Limited
3. NCC Limited
4. Aptech Limited
5.  Inventurus Knowledge Solutions 
Limited
6. Kabra Extrusion Technik Ltd
6121
 Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se
The Directors of the Company are not related to each other.
 Details of Securities held by Non-Executive Directors of the Company as on 31 March, 2025
Name of the 
Director
DesignationNature of Security heldSecurities held
Ms. Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive Independent DirectorEquity Shares5000
Mr. Rohit BhasinNon-Executive Independent DirectorEquity Shares5000

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
104
 Familiarization programme
The Directors of the Company are familiarised with the nature 
of  the  Industry  and  the  business  of  the  Company  through  
Board  Meeting  presentations  on  a  quarterly  basis.  The  Policy  
on  familiarization  of  Independent  Directors  and  the  number  
of  hours  spent  on  such  programs  is  hosted  in  the  Company’s  
website as mentioned below:
Policy-https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Familiarisation_
programmes_for_independent_directors_bde406df8f.pdf
Number  of  hours  spent-  https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.
net/FP_2025_0c1016e094.pdf
 Directors and Officers Insurance
In  compliance  with  Regulation  25(10)  of  the  SEBI  LODR,  the  
Company has in place a Directors and Officers Insurance Policy 
to  indemnify  its  Directors  and  officers.  The  policy  is  currently  
in force.
  CHANGE IN THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During  the  year  under  review,  due  to  personal  reasons  and  
professional occupancy Mr.Berjis Minoo Desai (DIN: 00153675) 
has  resigned  as  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  the  
Company on 23 April, 2024 resulting in resignation before the 
completion of his tenure as Non-Executive Independent Director.
Further as per sub-clause (j) of clause (2) of Section C of Schedule 
V of SEBI LODR Mr.Berjis Minoo Desai has confirmed that there 
were no material reasons behind the said resignation.
3.   COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The  Board  has  constituted  the  following  Committees  to  
have  core  attention  on  the  various  aspects  of  the  operations  
and business.
A. Audit Committee
B. Investment Committee
C. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
D. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
E. Risk Management Committee
F.  Policyholders Protection Grievance Redressal and Claims 
Monitoring Committee
G. Stakeholder Relationship Committee
H. Information Technology Committee
I. Board Administrative Committee
A. AUDIT COMMITTEE
The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  has  been  constituted  in  
compliance with the Section 177 (2) of the Act, Regulation 18 
(1) of SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024.
         Meetings
The Audit Committee met four times during the year and has complied with Regulation 18(2) of SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings
30 April, 202430 July, 202429 October, 202428 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the directorDesignation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
30
April, 
2024
30
July, 
2024
29
October, 
2024
28
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr. Rohit BhasinNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Ms.Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamurarilal 
Agarwal
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr. Rajeev Kher@Non-Executive 
Independent Director
NAPPP33100

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
105
Name of the directorDesignation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
30
April, 
2024
30
July, 
2024
29
October, 
2024
28
January, 
2025
Mr.Deepak RamineediNon-Executive Nominee 
Director
PPPP44100
Mr. Utpal Hemendra ShethNon-Executive Nominee 
Director
PPPP44100
 Notes:
 P denotes present        NA denotes not applicable      
 @ Appointed as member of the Committee with effect from 25 June, 2024.
 Terms of Reference
1.      Oversight  of  the  Company’s  financial  reporting  process  
and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that 
the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
2.      Recommendation  to  the  board  of  directors  of  the  
Company  (the  “Board”)  for  appointment,  replacement,  
reappointment, remuneration and terms of appointment 
of auditors of the Company;
3.      Approval  of  payment  to  statutory  auditors  for  any  other  
services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4.      Reviewing,  with  the  management,  the  annual  financial  
statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission 
to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:
  (a).       Matters  required  to  be  included  in  the  director’s  
responsibility  statement  to  be  included  in  the  
Board’s report, in terms of the Companies Act, 2013, 
as amended;
 (b).     Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices 
and reasons for the same;
 (c).      Major accounting entries involving estimates based 
on the exercise of judgment by management;
  (d).      Significant  adjustments  made  in  the  financial  
statements arising out of audit findings;
 (e).      Compliance with listing and other legal requirements 
relating to financial statements;
 (f ). Disclosure of any related party transactions; and
  (g).       Qualifications  and  modified  opinion(s)  in  the  draft  
audit report.
5.  Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial 
statements before submission to the Board for approval;
6.      Examination  of  the  financial  statement  and  auditor’s  
report thereon;
7.      Monitoring  the  end  use  of  funds  raised  through  public  
offers and related matters;
8.  Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses/
application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, 
rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds 
utilized for purposes other than those stated in the issue 
document/prospectus/notice  and  making  appropriate  
recommendations  to  the  Board  to  take  up  steps  in  
this matter;
9.      Reviewing  and  monitoring  the  auditor’s  independence  
and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
10.      Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions 
of the Company with related parties;
11. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
12.       Valuation  of  undertakings  or  assets  of  the  Company,  
wherever it is necessary;
13.        Evaluation   of   internal   financial   controls   and   risk   
management systems;
14.      Reviewing,  with  the  management,  performance  of  
statutory  and  internal  auditors,  adequacy  of  the  internal  
control systems;
15.      Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, 
including the structure of the internal audit department, 
staffing   and   seniority   of   the   official   heading   the   
department, reporting structure coverage and frequency 
of internal audit;
16.  Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings 
and follow up thereon;
17.       Reviewing  the  findings  of  any  internal  investigations  by  
the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected 
fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems 
of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board;
18.       Discussion  with  statutory  auditors,  internal  auditors,  
secretarial  auditors  and  cost  auditors  before  the  audit  
commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well 
as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
19.       To  look  into  the  reasons  for  substantial  defaults  in  
the  payment  to  the  depositors,  debenture  holders,  
shareholders  (in  case  of  non-payment  of  declared  
dividends) and creditors;
20. To review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
21.       Approval  of  appointment  of  chief  financial  officer  after  
assessing the qualifications, experience and background, 
etc. of the candidate;
22.       Carrying  out  any  other  function  as  may  be  required  
/  mandated  by  the  Board  from  time  to  time  and/  or  

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
106
mandated  as  per  the  provisions  of  the  Securities  and  
Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, 
the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (including Section 
177), the listing agreements to be entered into between 
the  Company  and  the  respective  stock  exchanges  on  
which the equity shares of the Company are proposed to 
be listed and/or any other applicable laws;
23.       Reviewing  the  utilization  of  loan  and/or  advances  from  
investment  by  the  holding  company  in  the  subsidiary  
exceeding `100  crore  or  10%  of  the  asset  size  of  the  
subsidiary,  whichever  is  lower  including  existing  loans  /  
advances / investments;
24.      Considering and commenting on rationale, cost-benefits 
and  impact  of  schemes  involving  merger,  demerger,  
amalgamation etc., on the Company and its shareholders
25.       Act  as  a  Compliance  Committee  to  discuss  the  level  of  
compliance in the Company and any associated risks and 
to  monitor  and  report  to  the  Board  on  any  significant  
compliance breaches.
26.       The  Audit  Committee  shall  mandatorily  review  the  
following information:
  (1)        management  discussion  and  analysis  of  financial  
condition and results of operations;
  (2)    statement  of  significant  related  party  transactions  
(as  defined  by  the  Audit  Committee),  submitted  
by management;
  (3)        management  letters  /  letters  of  internal  control  
weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
   (4)        internal,   audit   reports   relating   to   internal   
control weaknesses;
    (5)          the    appointment,    removal    and    terms    of    
remuneration  of  the  internal  auditor/concurrent  
auditor/statutory auditor shall be subject to review 
and recommendation by the Audit Committee; and
    (6)         statement    of    deviations    as    and    when    
becomes applicable:
  (a)  quarterly statement of deviation(s) submitted 
to  stock  exchange(s)  in  terms  of  Regulation  
32(1)  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  
of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.
      (b)        Annual   statement   of   funds   utilized   for   
purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document/prospectus/notice  in  terms  of  the  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015, as amended.
B. INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
  The  Investment  Committee  is  constituted  in  line  with  the  
provisions  of  the  IRDAI  (Actuarial,  Finance  and  Investment)  
Regulations, 2024 and IRDAI CGR 2024.
         Meetings:
The Investment Committee met six times during the year and not more than four months have elapsed between any two successive 
meetings as required under IRDAI CGR 2024.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings
29 April, 202429 July, 202420 September, 202428 October, 202427 January, 202520 March, 20256
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
123456
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
20
September, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
20
March, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr. Anand RoyMD AND CEOPPPPPP66100
Members
Mr. Rohit BhasinNon-Executive 
Independent 
Director
PPPPPP66100
Ms.Anisha 
Motwani
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director
PPPPPP66100
Mr.Utpal 
Hemendra Sheth
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director
PPPPPP66100

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
107
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
123456
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
20
September, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
20
March, 
2025
*Mr.Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive 
Independent 
Director
LOALOAPPLOAP6350
Mr.Deepak 
Ramineedi
Non-Executive 
Nominee 
Director
PPPPPP66100
Mr.Aneesh 
Srivastava
Chief 
Investment 
Officer
PPPPPP66100
Mr.Nilesh KambliChief Financial 
Officer
PPPPPP66100
Mr.Kapil Punwani$Chief Risk 
Officer
PPPPNANA44100
Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Dwivedi^
Appointed 
Actuary
PNANANANANA11100
Mr. Ashwani 
Kumar Arora%
Appointed 
Actuary
NANANANAPP22100
Notes:
 P denotes present NA denotes not applicable  LOA denotes leave of absence
 ^Ceased to be the member of the Committee with effect from 03 May, 2024.
 $ Ceased to be the member of the Committee with effect from 22 November, 2024.
 %Appointed as Member of the Committee with effect from 18 December, 2024.
Terms of Reference
1. Recommend investment policy and lay down the operational framework for the investment operations
2. Implement the investment policies and ensure compliance of the same.
3. Any other responsibility as may be assigned by the Board from time to time.
C. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has been constituted in compliance with the Section 178 (1) of the Act, Regulation 19 
(1) of SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024.
         Meetings
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four times in a year and has complied with Regulation 19(3) of SEBI LODR and IRDAI 
CGR 2024.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the directorDesignation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29 
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr. Rohit Bhasin@Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Ms.Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
108
 Terms of Reference
1.      Formulating  the  criteria  for  determining  qualifications,  
positive  attributes  and  independence  of  a  director  
and  recommend  to  the  Board  a  policy  relating  to,  the  
remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel 
and other employees;
    The  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee,  while  
formulating the above policy, should ensure that:
  (i)      the  level  and  composition  of  remuneration  be  
reasonable  and  sufficient  to  attract,  retain  and  
motivate directors of the quality required to run the 
Company successfully;
   (ii)         relationship   of   remuneration   to   performance   
is   clear   and   meets   appropriate   performance   
benchmarks; and
 (iii)  remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel 
and senior management involves a balance between 
fixed  and  incentive  pay  reflecting  short  and  long  
term  performance  objectives  appropriate  to  the  
working of the Company and its goals;
2.    Formulating criteria for evaluation of performance of Non-
Executive Independent Directors, the board of directors of 
the Company (the “Board”) and the Board sub- committees 
and review its implementation and compliance;
3. Devising a policy on diversity of Board;
4.    Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors 
and  who  may  be  appointed  in  senior  management  in  
accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend 
to the Board their appointment and removal;
5.      Extending  or  continuing  the  term  of  appointment  of  
the Non-Executive Independent Director, on the basis of 
the  report  of  performance  evaluation  of  Non-Executive  
Independent Directors;
6.      Recommending  to  the  Board,  all  remuneration,  in  
whatever form, payable to senior management.
7.    Administering, monitoring and formulating detailed terms 
and  conditions  of  the  Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  
Company Limited Employee Stock Option Plan 2019;
8.      Carrying  out  any  other  function  as  may  be  required/  
mandated  by  the  Board  from  time  to  time  and/  or  
mandated  as  per  the  provisions  of  the  Securities  and  
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  the  Companies  Act,  
2013,  each  as  amended,  the  listing  agreements  to  be  
entered  into  between  the  Company  and  the  respective  
stock  exchanges  on  which  the  equity  shares  of  the  
Company  are  proposed  to  be  listed  and/or  any  other  
applicable laws; and
9.  Performing such other functions as may be necessary or 
appropriate for the performance of its duties.
    Performance  Evaluation  Criteria  for  Non-Executive  
Independent Directors
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board 
of  Directors  in  their  meeting  on  27  January,  2025  evaluated  
the  performance  of  Non-Executive  Independent  Directors  
on broad parameters and criteria as per the SEBI LODR, Board 
Evaluation  Policy  of  the  Company  and  the  Guidance  Note  on  
Board Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India on 5 January, 2017.
The  evaluation  criteria  for  performance  of  the  Independent  
Directors  was  as  per  
Annexure  3  of  Board  Evaluation  
Policy  which  can  be  accessed  here  -  Policy_on_Board_
Evaluation_882395a4a4.pdf.
Name of the directorDesignation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29 
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Mr. Rajeev 
Krishnamurarilal 
Agarwal
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive Nominee 
Director
LOAPLOALOA4125
Mr. Utpal Hemendra 
Sheth
Non-Executive Nominee 
Director
PPPP44100
            Notes:
 P denotes present  LOA denotes leave of absence
 @  Consequent to resignation of Mr.Berjis Minoo Desai as Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company Mr. Rohit Bhasin was appointed as 
Chairperson of the Committee with effect from 23 April, 2024.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
109
D. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been constituted in compliance with the Section 135 (1) of the Act and IRDAI CGR 2024.
         Meetings
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met four times in a year and has complied with Section 135 of the Act.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Ms.Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive Independent 
Director
PPPP44100
Members
Mr. Anand RoyMD AND CEOPPPP44100
Mr.Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive Nominee 
Director
LOALOALOALOA000
Mr. Rajeev Kher *Non-Executive Independent 
Director
NAPPP33100
 Note:
 NA denotes not applicable  LOA denotes leave of absence
 * Appointed as the member of the Committee with effect from  25 June, 2024
 Terms of Reference
1.      Formulation  of  a  corporate  social  responsibility  policy  
to  the  Board,  indicating  the  activities  to  be  undertaken  
by  the  Company  in  areas  or  subjects  specified  in  the  
Companies Act, 2013. The activities should be within the 
list of permitted activities specified in the Companies Act, 
2013 and the rules thereunder;
2.      Recommending  the  amount  of  expenditure  to  be  
incurred,  amount  to  be  at  least  2%  of  the  average  net  
profit of the Company in the three immediately preceding 
financial years or where the Company has not completed 
the period of three financial years since its incorporation, 
during such immediately preceding financial years;
3.      Instituting  a  transparent  monitoring  mechanism  for  
implementation  of  the  corporate  social  responsibility  
projects   or   programs   or   activities   undertaken   by   
the Company;
4.  Monitoring the corporate social responsibility policy from 
time to time and issuing necessary directions as required 
for  proper  implementation  and  timely  completion  of  
corporate social responsibility programmes;
5.  Identifying corporate social responsibility policy partners 
and corporate social responsibility policy programmes;
6.            Identifying   and   appointing   the   corporate   social   
responsibility team of the Company including corporate 
social responsibility manager, wherever required; and
7.  Performing such other duties and functions as the Board 
may require the corporate social responsibility committee 
to undertake to promote the corporate social responsibility 
activities  of  the  Company  or  as  may  be  required  under  
applicable laws.”
E. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The  Risk  Management  Committee  has  been  constituted  in  
compliance with Regulation 21 (2) read with Part D of Schedule 
II of SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
110
         Meetings
The Risk Management Committee met four times in a year and has complied with Regulation 21(3A) of SEBI LODR and IRDAI CGR 2024.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Mr. Anand RoyMD AND CEOPPPP44100
Mr.Utpal Hemendra 
Sheth
Non-Executive 
Nominee Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive 
Nominee Director
LOAPLOALOA4125
Mr.Rajeev Kher@Non-Executive 
Independent Director
NAPPP33100
Mr. Nilesh Kambli@Chief Financial 
Officer
NAPPP33100
Mr.Kapil Punwani@^Chief Risk OfficerNAPPNA22100
Mr. Ashwani Kumar 
Arora$
Appointed ActuaryNANANAP11100
           Notes:
 P denotes present  NA denotes not applicable LOA denotes leave of absence
 @ Appointed as members of the Committee with effect from 25 June, 2024
 ^ Ceased as member of the Committee with effect from 22 November, 2024.
 $Appointed as member of the Committee with effect from  18 December, 2024
 Term of Reference
1.      Recommend  to  the  Board  the  Risk  Management  policy  
and processes for the organization.
2.      Formulate  a  detailed  risk  management  policy  which  
shall include:
  (a)       A  framework  for  identification  of  internal  and  
external  risks  specifically  faced  by  the  listed  entity,  
in   particular   including   financial,   operational,   
sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), 
information, cyber security risks or any other risk as 
may be determined by the Committee.
  (b)        Measures  for  risk  mitigation  including  systems  and  
processes for internal control of identified risks.
 (c) Business continuity plan.
3.      Ensure  that  appropriate  methodology,  processes  and  
systems  are  in  place  to  monitor  and  evaluate  risks  
associated with the business of the Company
4.        Monitor   and   oversee   implementation   of   the   risk   
management  policy,  including  evaluating  the  adequacy  
of risk management systems
5.      Periodically  review  the  risk  management  policy,  at  least  
once in two years, including by considering the changing 
industry dynamics and evolving complexity
6.      Keep  the  Board  of  Directors  informed  about  the  nature  
and  content  of  its  discussions,  recommendations  and  
actions to be taken
7.  Appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the 
Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to review by the 
Risk Management Committee
8.      Assist  the  Board  in  effective  operation  of  the  risk  
management system by performing specialized analyses 
and quality reviews.
9.      Advise  the  Board  with  regard  to  risk  management  
decisions in relation to strategic and operational matters 
such as corporate strategy, mergers and acquisitions and 
related matters.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
111
10.       Review  the  solvency  position  of  the  Company  on  a  
regular basis.
11.       Review  the  Asset  Liability  Management  position  of  the  
Company at frequent basis
12.       Review  the  outsourcing  activities  of  the  Company  on  a  
yearly basis and evaluate the performance of the vendors 
providing the said service.
13. Monitor and review regular updates on business continuity.
14.      Formulation of a Fraud monitoring policy and framework 
for approval by the Board.
15.      Monitor implementation of Anti-fraud policy for effective 
deterrence, prevention, detection and mitigation of frauds.
16.       Review  compliance  with  the  guidelines  on  Insurance  
Fraud Monitoring Framework dt. 21 January, 2013, issued 
by the IRDAI.
17.       Function  as  the  Ethics  Committee  and  as  the  Asset  
Liability Committee
18.       Powers  to  seek  information  from  any  employee,  obtain  
outside  legal  or  other  professional  advice  and  secure  
attendance  of  outsiders  with  relevant  expertise,  if  it  
considers necessary.
19.      Any other responsibility as may be assigned by the Board 
from time to time.
The Risk Management Committee performs the functions of the 
Asset Liability Management and Ethics Committee.
F.            POLICY    HOLDERS    PROTECTION    GRIEVANCE    
REDRESSAL AND CLAIMS MONITORING COMMITTEE 
(PPGR&CM) COMMITTEE
The  Policyholders  Protection  Grievance  Redressal  and  Claims  
Monitoring  Committee  has  been  constituted  in  compliance  
with the IRDAI CGR 2024.
         Meetings
The Policyholders Protection Grievance Redressal and Claims Monitoring Committee met four times during the year and not more than 
four months have elapsed between any two successive meetings as required under IRDAI CGR 2024.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Ms.Anisha Motwani ^Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Mr.Utpal Hemendra 
Sheth *
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Anand RoyMD AND CEOPPPP44100
Mr.Deepak RamineediNon-Executive 
Nominee Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Rajeev Kher$Non-Executive 
Independent Director
NAPPP33100
 Notes:
 P denotes present  NA denotes not applicable
 * ceased as Chairperson with effect from 01 April, 2024 but continues as member of the Committee
 ^ appointed as Chairperson with effect from 01 April, 2024
 $ appointed as Member with effect from 25 June, 2024

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
112
 Terms of reference
1.    Adopt standard operating procedures to treat the customer 
fairly including time-frames for policy and claims servicing 
parameters and monitoring implementation thereof.
2.      Establish  effective  mechanism  to  address  complaints  
and  grievances  of  policyholders  including  mis-selling  
by intermediaries.
3.      Put  in  place  a  framework  for  review  of  awards  given  by  
Insurance  Ombudsman/Consumer  Forums.  Analyze  
the  root  cause  of  customer  complaints,  identify  market  
conduct issues and advise the management appropriately 
about rectifying systemic issues, if any.
4.    Review  all  the  awards  given  by  Insurance  Ombudsman/
Consumer  Forums  remaining  unimplemented  for  more  
than  three  (3)  months  with  reasons  therefor  and  report  
the  same  to  the  Board  for  initiating  remedial  action,  
where necessary.
5.  Review the measures and take steps to reduce customer 
complaints at periodic intervals.
6.    Ensure compliance with the statutory requirements as laid 
down in the regulatory framework.
7.  Ensure adequacy of disclosure of “material information” to 
the policyholders. These disclosures shall comply with the 
requirements laid down by the Authority both at the point 
of sale and at periodic intervals.
8.  Provide details of grievances at periodic intervals in such 
formats as may be prescribed by the Authority.
9.    Ensure that details of insurance ombudsmen are provided 
to the policyholders.
10.      Review of Claims Report, including status of Outstanding 
Claims with ageing of outstanding claims.
11. Reviewing Repudiated claims with analysis of reasons.
12.  Status of settlement of other customer benefit payouts like 
Surrenders, Loan, and Partial withdrawal requests etc.
13.  Review of unclaimed amounts of Policyholders, as required 
under the Circulars and guidelines issued by the Authority.
14.  Recommend a policy on customer education for approval 
of  the  Board  and  ensure  proper  implementation  of  
the same.
15.      Approve the relocation of offices of the Company as per 
IRDA (Place of Business) Regulations 2013.
16.      Any other responsibility as may be assigned by the Board 
from time to time.
G. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The  Stakeholders  Relationship  Committee  is  constituted  in  
compliance with the Section 178 (5) of the Act and Regulation 
20 (1) of SEBI LODR.
         Meetings
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee met at four times in a year and has complied with Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 20(3A) 
of SEBI LODR.
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr. Rajeev 
Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Mr.Anand RoyMD AND CEOPPPP44100
Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
 Note:  P denotes present

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
113
 Terms of Reference
1.      To  resolve  the  grievances  of  the  security  holders  of  the  
Company  including  complaints  related  to  transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-
receipt  of  declared  dividends,  issue  of  new/duplicate  
certificates,  general  meetings  etc.  and  assisting  with  
quarterly reporting of such complaints;
2.  To review measures taken for effective exercise of voting 
rights by shareholders;
3.  To review adherence to the service standards adopted by 
the Company in respect of various services being rendered 
by the registrar and share transfer agent;
4.      To  review  the  various  measures  and  initiatives  taken  by  
the  Company  for  reducing  the  quantum  of  unclaimed  
dividends  and  ensuring  timely  receipt  of  dividend  
warrants/annual   reports/statutory   notices   by   the   
shareholders of the Company: and
5.  Carrying out such other functions as may be specified by 
the Board from time to time or specified/provided under 
the Companies Act, 2013 or the Securities and Exchange 
Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, each as amended or by 
any other regulatory authority.
H. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE
The Information Technology Committee has been constituted 
to  assist  the  Board  with  oversight  of  all  activities  relating  to  
information technology implementation, security, digitalisation 
and other matters.
         Meetings
The Information Technology Committee shall meet as and when required, however, at least once prior to every quarterly Board Meeting
During FY 2024-25, four (4) Information Technology Committee meetings was held
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the 
director
Designation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr.Anand RoyMD and CEOPPPP44100
Members
Ms.Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Deepak RamineediNon-Executive
Nominee Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Utpal Hemendra 
Sheth
Non-Executive
Nominee Director
PLOAPP4375
 Notes: P denotes present LOA denotes leave of absence
 Terms of Reference
1. To monitor progress of all activities relating to:
 a) Information Technology implementation
      b)      Digitalisation
 c) IT Security and
 d) Other matters
2. Carry out any other function as may be determined by the Board from time to time.
I. BOARD ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE
The  Board  Administrative  Committee  has  been  constituted  for  authorizing  opening/closing  of  bank  accounts,  authorizing  officials  to  
operate the Bank accounts and other matters.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
114
         Meetings
During FY 2024-25, four (4) meetings of the Board Administrative Committee were held
Date of MeetingNo. of Meetings held
29 April, 202429 July, 202428 October, 202427 January, 20254
 Composition and Attendance
The composition and attendance of the members of the Committee are as given below.
Name of the directorDesignation
No. of Committee meetings
Held
during
tenure
Attended%
1234
29
April, 
2024
29
July, 
2024
28
October, 
2024
27
January, 
2025
Chairperson
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal 
Agarwal @
Non-Executive, 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Members
Mr. Rohit Bhasin ^Non-Executive 
Independent Director
PPPP44100
Mr.Anand RoyMD and CEOPPPP44100
 Notes: P denotes present LOA denotes leave of absence
 @ appointed as Chairperson of the committee with effect from 23 April, 2024
  ^ ceased as Chairperson of the committee with effect from 23 April, 2024 but continues as member of the Committee
 Terms of Reference
1. To approve and monitor progress of all activities relating to opening or closure of Bank accounts
2.  To carry out similar transactions on behalf of the Board and power is delegated to do all such acts and deeds as is necessary and 
deem fit in this regard
4.  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Annual General Meeting for FY 2023-24 was held on 23 September, 2024 the details of attendance of Directors are as under
NameDesignation
Present at AGM
Yes/No/NA
Mr.Anand RoyMD & CEO and Chairperson of Investment CommitteeYes
Mr. Rohit BhasinNon-Executive Independent Director and Chairperson of the Audit 
Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Yes
Ms. Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive Independent Director and Chairperson of the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee and Policyholders Protection 
Grievance Redressal and Monitoring Committee
Yes
Ms. Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive Independent Director and Chairperson of the Risk 
Management   Committee.
Yes
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal AgarwalNon-Executive Independent Director and Chairperson of the 
Stakeholders Relationship   Committee.
Yes
Mr. Rajeev KherNon-Executive Additional Director under Independent categoryYes
Mr. Deepak RamineediNon-Executive Non Independent Nominee DirectorYes
Mr. Utpal Hemendra ShethNon-Executive Non Independent Nominee DirectorYes
 Mr. Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive Non Independent Nominee DirectorNo
 COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Ms. Jayashree Sethuraman
Company Secretary
Acropolis Building,
No.148, Dr. Radhakrishnan Salai.
Mylapore, Chennai-600004.
Tamilnadu, India.
investors@starhealth.in

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
115
 STATEMENT OF INVESTOR COMPLIANTS
In compliance with Regulation 13(1) read with para 5(c) of Para 
C of Schedule V to the SEBI LODR, details of complaints received 
and disposed off during the year is as follows:-
Number of Complaints pending as on 1 April, 20240
Number of Complaints received during the 
financial year
3
Number of Complaints disposed off to the 
satisfaction of shareholders during the financial 
year
3
Number of Complaints those remaining unresolved 
as on 31 March, 2025
0
4.    REMUNERATION OF BOARD & SENIOR MANAGEMENT
a.      CRITERIA  FOR  MAKING  PAYMENT  TO  BOARD  AND  
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Board approved policy on Nomination and Remuneration 
of Directors, KMP and Other Employees sets out the guideline 
and  framework  for  determining  qualifications,  competencies,  
positive  attributes  and  independence  for  appointment  of  a  
Directors (Executive / Non-Executive), KMP, Senior Management 
and  remuneration  (payable  in  whatever  form)  for  all  Directors  
and KMP and Senior Management. .
The Policy is hosted on the Company’s website under the web 
link: https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Nomination_and_
remuneration_policy_24aee0fd19.pdf
    PARTICULARS  OF  CHANGES  IN  KEY  MANAGEMENT  
PERSONNEL
Mr.Vishwajeet  Mohnot  ceased  to  be  the  Chief  Compliance  
Officer  and  Ms.Radha  Vijayaraghavan  was  appointed  as  Chief  
Compliance Officer with effect from 30 April, 2024,
Further on account of re-organisation at top management level, 
Mr. Amitabh Jain, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Himanshu Walia, 
Chief  Marketing  Officer,  Mr.  Vikas  Sharma,  Chief  Distribution  
Officer,  Mr.  Biju  Menon,  Chief  Business  Officer,  Mr.  Mukesh  
Sharma,  Chief  Digital  Transformation  Officer  and  Mr.  Mr.  
Vishwajeet  Mohnot,  Executive  President  were  re-classified  as  
non- KMP with effect from 30 July, 2024.
Mr.  Kapil  Punwani  resigned  as  the  Chief  Risk  Officer  of  the  
Company with effect from 22 November, 2024.
Consequent to resignation of Mr. Chandrasekhar Dwivedi as the 
Appointed  Actuary  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  03  May,  
2024. Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora was appointed as the Appointed 
Actuary of the Company with effect from 18 December, 2024.
b. Remuneration to Managing Director & CEO
Refer Note 5.1.11 of schedule 16 of the financial statements.
c.  Remuneration to Non-Executive Independent Directors
(Amount in crores)
Description
Mr.Rohit 
Bhasin
Ms.Anisha 
Motwani
Mr. Rajeev 
Krishnamurarilal 
Agarwal
Ms.Rajni 
Sekhri Sibal
Mr. Rajeev 
Kher
Mr. Berjis 
Minoo Desai
Sitting Fees0.250.330.230.230.17-
Remuneration0.150.150.150.15-0.15
Total Compensation0.400.480.380.380.170.15
d. Remuneration to KMP excluding MD & CE0
Refer Note 5.1.11 of schedule 16 of the financial statements
e. Details of pecuniary relationship or transactions of the Non-Executive Directors vis-à-vis the company.
The Non- Executive Directors do not have any pecuniary relationship or any transactions with the Company other than insurance policies 
taken if any, in the ordinary course of business.
f. Details of Stock Options held by Directors
Name of the 
Director
Designation
No. of 
options 
granted
Number of options 
vested as on 31 
March, 2025
Number of options 
exercised as on 31 
March, 2025
Number of Shares 
as on 31 March, 
2025
Mr. Anand RoyManaging Director & CEO33,60,74633,60,74633,60,7461421523
g. Details of service contracts, notice period and severance fees as per the terms of appointment of directors.
The tenure of the office of Managing Director & CEO of the Company is five (5) years as approved by the Members of the Company and 
IRDAI. The severance fee, notice period and the other terms of employment are as per the Employment Agreement dated 4 October, 2019 
entered with the Managing Director & CEO .

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
116
5.   GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
A. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Financial 
Ye a r
DateTimeVenueSpecial Resolution passed
31 March, 
2024
23
September, 
2024
4.00 P.M. 
IST
The Meeting 
was held 
through video 
conferencing
To   approve   re-appointment   of   Mr.Anand   Roy   (DIN:   08602245)   as   
Managing Director & CEO and payment of remuneration
To  approve  appointment  of  Mr.  Rajeev  Kher  (DIN:  01192524)  as  Non-
Executive Independent Director
To  approve  re-appointment  of  Ms.Anisha  Motwani  (DIN:06943493)  as  
Non-Executive Independent Director
To approve re-appointment of Mr.Rohit Bhasin (DIN:02478962) as Non-
Executive Independent Director
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Ms.  Anisha  Motwani  (DIN:  
06943493) Non-Executive Independent Director
To   approve   payment   of   remuneration   to   Mr.   Rohit   Bhasin   (DIN:   
02478962), Non-Executive Independent Director
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Mr.  Berjis  Minoo  Desai  (DIN:  
00153675) Non-Executive Independent Director
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Mr.  Rajeev  Krishnamuralilal  
Agarwal (DIN: 07984221) Non-Executive Independent Director
To  approve  payment  of  remuneration  to  Ms.  Rajni  Sekhri  Sibal  (DIN:  
09176377) Non-Executive Independent Director
31 March, 
2023
20
September, 
2023
4.00 P.M. 
IST
The Meeting 
was held 
through video 
conferencing
To consider and approve the amendments to the Articles of Association 
(“AOA/ Articles”) of the Company
To amend the terms of appointment of Mr.Deepak Ramineedi
To  approve  Payment  of  Profit  Related  Commission  to  Mr.Rohit  Bhasin  
(DIN: 02478962) Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.
To approve Payment of Profit Related Commission to Ms.Anisha Motwani 
(DIN: 06943493) Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.
To   approve   Payment   of   Profit   Related   Commission   to   Mr.   Rajeev   
Krishnamuralilal  Agarwal  (DIN:  07984221)  Non-Executive  Independent  
Director of the Company.
To  approve  Payment  of  Profit  Related  Commission  to  Ms.Rajni  Sekhri  
Sibal   (DIN:   09176377)   Non-Executive   Independent   Director   of   the   
Company.
To  approve  Payment  of  Profit  Related  Commission  to  Mr.  Kaarthikeyan  
Devarayapuram Ramasamy (DIN: 00327907) Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company.
To  approve  Payment  of  Profit  Related  Commission  to  Mr.Berjis  Minoo  
Desai  (DIN:  00153675)  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  the  
Company
31 March, 
2022
16 
September, 
2022
12.00 
Noon IST
The Meeting 
was held 
through video 
conferencing
No Special Resolution was passed
B. POSTAL BALLOT
During the year, one postal ballots was conducted by the Company to seek the approval of its members as required under the provisions 
of Section 110 of the Act read with The Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended.
 1. POSTAL BALLOT DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025
  The postal ballot e-Voting commenced on Friday, 14 February, 2025 at 10.00 A.M. (IST ) and ended on Saturday, 15 March, 2025 at 5.00 
P.M. (IST ). The Voting Results were declared by the Company on Monday, 17 March, 2025. The following Special resolution was passed:

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
117
  Resolution No. 1 – Adoption of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2024 (ESOP 2024)
  Summary of voting as per the Scrutiniser’s Report is provided below for the above special Resolution passed through the postal 
ballot on 17 March, 2025
Particulars
Number of Members 
Voted
Number of Valid Votes 
Cast by Them (Shares)
% of Total Number 
of Valid Votes Cast
Votes in favour of the resolution71521015345099.2290
Votes against the resolution11616329780.7710
Number of invalid votes cast000
 Result of voting: The requisite votes in favour for passing the above resolution as a Special Resolution were received
  Mr.Mirza Ismail Irshad Ahmed, Practicing Company Secretary who was appointed as Scrutiniser for the aforesaid Postal Ballot process 
submitted his report on 17 March, 2025.
  In accordance with the said report, the above results were declared at the corporate office of the Company on 17 March, 2025.
 No other special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot as on the date of this report.
                  COMMUNICATION         TO         SHAREHOLDERS
  The Company disseminates quarterly, half-yearly, and yearly financial results to our Shareholders electronically through the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (“the Stock Exchanges”).The Key financial data is published on PAN India basis in 
Business Standard (English) or the Financial Express (English) and Dinamani (Tamil) within Tamil Nadu.
 The financial results along with the earnings releases are also posted on the Company’s website www.starheath.in.
  Official news releases, Earnings calls on financials / quarterly results are held with analysts and investors and their transcripts are 
published on the website. Such presentations made to analysts and others are made available on the Company’s website www.
starheath.in
  All disclosures as required under the SEBI LODR are made through the Stock Exchanges and the same are available on the Company’s 
website www.starheath.in
  GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
S. NoParticularsSubmitted (Yes/No)
1.Incorporation Date06  June,  2005  at  Chennai,  as  a  Public  Limited  Company  under  the  erstwhile  
Companies Act, 1956.
2.Registered Office addressNo.1, New Tank Street,
Valluvarkottam high Road,
Nungambakkam,
Chennai-600034, Tamil Nadu, India.
3.Corporate Office addressAcropolis,
No.148, Dr. RadhaKrishnan Salai,
Mylapore, Chennai-600004.
Tamil Nadu, India.
4.Corporate Identification Number (CIN)L66010TN2005PLC056649
5.Forthcoming 20
th
 Annual General 
Meeting
Day, Date and Time Venue
The  20
th
  Annual  General  Meeting  (“AGM”)  of  the  Company  will  be  held  on  
23 September, 2025, Tuesday at 16.00 hours IST through Video Conferencing 
(VC)/Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’)
6.Financial year1 April to 31 March
7.Dividend Payment DateThe Company has not declared any Dividend for FY 2025.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
118
S. NoParticularsSubmitted (Yes/No)
8.Listing on Stock ExchangesThe  equity  shares  of  the  Company  are  listed  on  National  Stock  Exchange  of  
India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE). The address of the respective Stock 
Exchanges is given below:
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai- 400051,
Maharashtra, India.
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001.
Maharashtra, India.
9.Payment of listing /custodian feeFor FY 2024-25, the Company has paid the annual listing fees to NSE and BSE. 
Annual  Custody  fee  has  been  paid  by  the  Company  to  National  Securities  
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services Limited.
10.Stock CodeNSE Symbol – STARHEALTH
BSE Scrip Code – 543412
11.ISIN (Equity)INE575P01011
12.ISIN (Debt)INE575P08032
INE575P08040
13.Details of Suspended securitiesNot applicable
14.Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer 
Agent
Kfin Technologies Limited.
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32,
Gachibowli, Financial District,
Nanakramguda,
Hyderabad–500032, Telangana, India.
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Tel No.: +91 40 6716 2222
Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001
15.Plant LocationSince the Company is in the business of Health Insurance, the disclosure with 
regard to plant location is not applicable.
16.Address for CorrespondenceMs. Jayashree Sethuraman
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Acropolis,
No.148, Dr. Radha Krishnan Salai, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Tamilnadu, India
investors@starhealth.in
17.Outstanding Global Depository Receipts 
/ American Depository Receipts / 
warrants and convertible bonds, 
conversion date and likely impact on 
equity
The Company has not issued any such securities.
18.Commodity Price Risks / Foreign 
Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities
This  is  not  applicable,  since  the  Company  does  not  have  any  exposure  in  
derivatives or liabilities denominated in foreign currency.
19.Details of utilisation of funds raised 
through preferential allotment or 
qualified institutions placement as 
specified under Regulation 32 (7A)
This  is  not  applicable,  since  the  Company  has  not  raised  funds  through  
Preferential  Allotment  or  qualified  institutions  placement  as  specified  under  
Regulation 32 (7A) for the FY 2024-25.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
119
S. NoParticularsSubmitted (Yes/No)
20.Name of Debenture Trustees with 
contact details
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited
Asian Building, 17, R. Kamani Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai-400 001, 
Maharashtra, India.
Tel. No.: +91 22-4080 7000
21.Credit Rating and revision thereofDuring  the  year  under  review,  the  rating  agencies  viz.,  India  Rating  and  
Research Private Limited has upgraded and assigned rating of - IND AA /Stable 
and  Care  Ratings  Limited  has  reaffirmed  and  assigned  rating  of  -  IND  AA  /
Stable for the unsecured listed Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company
22.Total fees for all services paid by the 
listed entity and its subsidiaries, on a 
consolidated basis, to the statutory 
auditor and all entities in the network 
firm/network entity of which the 
statutory auditor is a part.
Please refer to Schedule 4 and related notes to the Financial Statements which 
forms part of this report.
6.   SHARE TRANSFER SYSTEM:
    The  Company  has  constituted  Stakeholders’  Relationship  
Committee  to  examine  and  redress  investors’  complaints.  The  
status  on  complaints  and  share  transfers  are  reported  to  the  
Board on quarterly basis.
As  on  31  March,  2025,  99.99%  of  the  equity  shares  of  the  
Company  are  held  in  electronic  form  (for  previous  year  i.e.   
31 March, 2024 it was 99.99%).
Transfer  of  Shares  are  done  through  the  depositories  with  no  
involvement of the Company.
As  per  Regulation  40  of  SEBI  LODR,  as  amended,  securities  of  
listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialised form 
with effect from, 1 April, 2019.
In view of the above and to eliminate all risks associated with 
physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members 
holding  shares  in  physical  form  are  requested  to  consider  
converting their holdings to dematerialised form.
Share  transactions  in  electronic  form  can  be  effected  in  a  
much simpler and faster manner. After a confirmation of a sale 
/  purchase  transaction  from  the  broker,  shareholders  should  
approach  the  Depository  Participant  (‘DP’)  with  a  request  to  
debit  or  credit  the  account  for  the  transaction.  The  DP  will  
immediately arrange to complete the transaction by updating 
the account. For transfer of shares, the transfer documents can 
be lodged with the Registrar and Transfer Agent at the below 
mentioned address:-
Kfin Technologies Limited.
Add: Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32,
Gachibowli, Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500032,
Telangana, India.
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Tel No.: +91 40 6716 2222
Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001
7.   DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING BY SIZE AS ON MARCH 31,2025
No. of Shares Held
No. of 
Shareholders
% of total 
Shareholders
No. of Shares 
Held
% of total shares 
held
1-50002,13,760 94.761,27,20,254 2.16
5001- 100006,209 2.7545,05,367 0.77
10001- 200002,831 1.2540,64,520 0.69
20001- 30000910 0.4022,54,185 0.38
30001- 40000448 0.2015,80,453 0.27
40001- 50000302 0.1313,84,397 0.24
50001- 100000514 0.2337,22,679 0.63
100001 & Above612 0.2755,75,54,604 94.86
Total2,25,586100.0058,77,86,459100.00

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
120
8.   CATEGORIES OF SHAREHOLDERS AS ON MARCH 31,2025
Sl.No.Category
No. of Equity  
Shares
Holding in  
equity %
1.Promoter and Promoter Group33,89,90,002 57.67
2.Resident Individuals3,27,57,758 5.57
3. Mutual Funds5,55,25,858 9.45
4.Insurance Companies2,83,87,292 4.83
5.Indian Body Corporate71,86,722 1.22
6.Alternate Investment Funds67,94,469 1.16
7.NBFCs Registered with RBI12,964 0.00
8.Directors and their relatives (excluding Non-Executive Independent Directors 
and Nominee Directors)
14,21,523 0.24
9.Clearing Members236 0.00
10.Trusts1,02,753 0.02
11.Non-Resident Indians25,58,223 0.44
12.Foreign Portfolio Investors8,80,78,737 14.98
13. Foreign Direct Investment2,17,39,283 3.70
14.Key Managerial Personnel4,61,919 0.08
15.HUF17,87,247 0.30
16.Employees16,91,442 0.29
17.Directors or Director’s Relative2,90,031 0.05
Total58,77,86,459100.00
13.   DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES & LIQUIDITY:
The Company’s equity shares are regularly traded in NSE and BSE.
The details of mode of holding are as follows:-
Mode of Holding
Number of Shares held  
as on 31 March, 2025.
% of total Number of Shares  
as on 31 March, 2024.
NSDL56,23,06,47195.67
CDSL2,53,96,0664.32
*Physical83,9220.01
Total58,77,86,459100.00
 *  The Board of Directors vide resolution dated 22 March, 2025 has allotted 42122 equity shares to the employees of the Company as per the employee 
stock option 2019.Since trading approval was granted by the Stock Exchanges with effect from 1 April 2025 the same is shown as shares held in 
physical form as on 31 March, 2025. The breakup of shares held in physical form as on 31 March 2025 is as below
 a  41800 equity shares held by 8 shareholders and
 b  42122 equity shares held by 2 shareholders (trading approval granted by the Stock Exchanges with effect from 1 April 2025)
14.   OTHER DISCLOSURES
 a. Related Party Transaction:
  There are no materially significant related party transaction 
that may have conflict with the interest of the Company. 
The Policy on Related Party Transactions as approved by 
the Board of Directors is hosted on the Company’s website 
under  the  web  link:  https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.
net/Related_Party_Transactions_Policy_ab744f2a20.pdf
   b.            Adoption   of   Mandatory   and   Discretionary   
Requirements
  The Company has complied with all applicable mandatory 
requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses 
(b) to (i) and (t) of sub regulation 2 of Regulation 46 and 
para C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI LODR.
      In   addition   to   the   mandatory   requirements,   the   
Company   has   also   complied   with   following   non-
mandatory requirements:
                  (i)         Audit         Qualifications
   The Company’s financial statements are unqualified 
/ unmodified.
  (ii) Reporting of Internal Auditor
      The  Chief  of  Internal  Audit  presents  the  key  audit  
findings  by  internal  audit  department  of  the    
Company to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis 
along with compliance status on key audit findings 
reported in previous Audit Committee Meetings.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
121
  c.      Compliance(s)  of  matters  relating  to  Capital  
Market
  The Company has complied with all applicable rules and 
regulations prescribed by SEBI, NSE and BSE or any other 
statutory  authority  relating  to  the  Capital  Markets.  No  
penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by stock 
exchange(s) or the board or any statutory authority, on any 
matter related to capital markets, during the last two years.
 d. Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil Mechanism
    The  Company  has  in  place  a  Whistle  Blower  Policy  (the  
Policy) that provides a formal channel for all its Directors, 
employees  to  approach  the  Chairperson  of  the  Audit  
Committee  and  make  secure  disclosures  about  any  
instance  of  any  irregularity,  unethical  practice  and/or  
misconduct to report instances of breach of any Statute, 
suspected  or  actual  fraud  in  the  Company  resulting  in  
financial loss or loss of reputation, breach of confidentiality, 
sharing  of  unpublished  price  sensitive  information,  
violation of the Star Health Code of Conduct (“The Code”) 
or  any  other  instances  that  may  have  an  impact  on  the  
operations or the goodwill of the Company.
    The  policy  is  framed  as  per  Regulation  22  of  SEBI  LODR.  
The  existence  of  the  mechanism  was  appropriately  
communicated  within  the  organization.  No  personnel  
covered under the Policy has been denied access to the 
Audit Committee to make disclosures.
    The  Whistle  Blower  report  is  reviewed  by  the  Audit  
Committee  on  quarterly  basis  and  the  said  policy  is  
hosted  on  the  Company’s  website  under  the  web  link:  
https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/whistle_blower_
policy_4261d78742.pdf
  e.          Disclosure  under  The  Sexual  Harassment  Of  
Women  At  Workplace  (Prevention,  Prohibition  
And Redressal) Act 2013
    In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  134  of  the  
Act, of para 10(1) of Para C of Schedule V to the SEBI LODR, 
the  Company  has  formulated  a  policy  on  prevention  of  
sexual  harassment  of  women  employees  at  workplace  
and  has  constituted  an  Internal  Complaints  Committee  
to consider and redress complaints on sexual harassment, 
if any.
  The details of Complaints received and disposed off during 
the year is as follows:-
Number of Complaints pending as on April 1, 
2024
0
Number of Complaints filed during the 
financial year
9
Number of Complaints disposed of during the 
financial year
6
Number of Complaints pending as on 31 
March, 2025
3
 f. Insider Trading Regulations & Code of Conduct
  During the year under review, the Company has adopted 
its Code of Conduct (“The Code”) in accordance with the 
SEBI Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations 2015. The 
Company has an automated web based Structured Digital 
Database (SDD) to regulate, monitor and report details of 
trading  in  securities  of  the  Company  by  the  designated  
persons/insiders their immediate relatives and such other 
persons who could have access to the unpublished price 
sensitive information of the Company and are governed 
under the Code.
  The SDD allows the designated persons to submit online 
disclosures pertaining to transactions in the securities of 
the Company.
    The  Company  has  in  place  “Code  of  Practices  and  
Procedures  for  fair  disclosure  of  Unpublished  Price  
Sensitive Information” which is available in the website of 
the Company www.starhealth.in
  The Company has adequate and effective internal control 
systems  to  ensure  strict  compliance  with  the  Insider  
Trading Regulations. Ms. Jayashree Sethuraman, Company 
Secretary  &  Compliance  Officer  of  the  Company  is  the  
‘Compliance Officer’ in terms of the Code.
 g.  Details of non-acceptance of recommendations 
of any Committee by the Board.
  The Board has accepted the recommendations of all the 
Committees of the Board during the FY 2024-25
 h. Unclaimed Suspense Account
    The  details  on  the  unclaimed  suspense  account  are  
as below:
   a)            aggregate   number   of   shareholders   and   the   
outstanding shares in the suspense account lying at 
the beginning of the year- NIL
  b)      number  of  shareholders  who  approached  listed  
entity for transfer of shares from suspense account 
during the year- NIL
  c)      number  of  shareholders  to  whom  shares  were  
transferred from suspense account during the year 
- NIL
   d)           aggregate   number   of   shareholders   and   the   
outstanding shares in the suspense account lying at 
the end of the year -NIL
  e)    that  the  voting  rights  on  these  shares  shall  remain  
frozen  till  the  rightful  owner  of  such  shares  claims  
the shares- NIL

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
122
15.   SUBSIDIARIES
The  Company  does  not  have  any  subsidiaries  as  on  31  
March 2025.
16.      LOANS AND ADVANCES IN THE NATURE OF LOANS 
TO FIRMS/COMPANIES IN WHICH DIRECTORS ARE 
INTERESTED BY NAME AND AMOUNT
No loans or advances have been granted by the Company to the 
firms/companies in which the Directors are interested.
17.   COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company has complied with all the Corporate Governance 
requirements as prescribed under SEBI LODR.
The  quarterly  compliance  report  has  been  submitted  to  the  
Stock exchanges where the Company’s equity shares are listed 
in the requisite format duly signed by the Company Secretary.
Pursuant  to  regulation  34(3)  read  with  Schedule  V  of  the  SEBI  
LODR  as  amended  the  Certificate  from  M/s  Chitra  Lalitha  and  
Associates,  Chennai  on  compliance  with  the  conditions  of  
Corporate Governance is attached is attached as 
Annexure A 
to the Report on Corporate Governance.
CERTIFICATION FOR COMPLIANCE OF  IRDAI CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
FOR INSURERS REGULATIONS 2024  FOR  FY 2025
I, Radha Vijayaraghavan, Chief Compliance Officer  of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited, hereby certify that the Company 
has  complied  with  the  IRDAI  Corporate  Governance  for  Insurers  Regulations  2024  for  FY  2024-25  as  amended  from  time  to  time  and  
nothing has been concealed or suppressed.
Radha Vijayaraghavan
Chief Compliance Officer
18.      COMPLAINCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT BY ALL THE 
DIRECTORS
All the Directors of the Company have affirmed compliance with 
the Code of Conduct of the Company.
In   this   regard,   the   confirmation   from   the   Managing   
Director  &  CEO  is  attached  as  
Annexure  B  to  the  Report  on  
Corporate Governance.
19.      CERTIFICATE   ON   NON-DISQUALIFICATION   OF   
DIRECTORS
The  Company  has  received  a  Certificate  from  a  Company  
Secretary in Practice stating that none of the Directors on the 
Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from 
being  appointed  or  continuing  as  Directors  of  Companies  by  
the  Board/Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  or  any  such  Statutory  
authority.  The  Certificate  from  the  Company  Secretary  
in  Practice  is  annexed  as  
Annexure  C  to  the  Report  on  
Corporate Governance.
20.   CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION
Pursuant  to  regulation  17(8)  read  with  Part  B  of  Schedule  II  
of  SEBI  LODR  as  amended  the  Certification  by  the  Managing  
Director & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
on the financial statements and the Internal financial controls is 
attached as 
Annexure D to the Report on Corporate Governance
21.   COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Ms.  Jayashree  Sethuraman  Fellow  member  of  ICSI  is  the  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
123
ANNEXURE A
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Clause E of Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(ListingObligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To
The Members
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited,
No.1, New Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road,
Nugambakkam, Chennai,
Tamil Nadu - 600034
We, Chitra Lalitha and Associates, have examined the conditions of Corporate Governance by Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited 
(“The Company”) for the year ended 31 March, 2025, as stipulated under regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub regulation (2) of Regulation 
46and para C, D & E of Schedule V of Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of themanagement. Our examination was limited to procedures 
and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither 
an audit nor an expression of opinion on thefinancial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of the information and according to the explanation given to us, and the representations made by the Management, 
we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations for the 
year ended on 31 March, 2025.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor the efficiency of effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
                                                                             For           Chitra           Lalitha           and           Associates
    Mirza Ismail Irshad Ahmed
                                        Partner
                                        FCS          No.:          11458
                                                  CP          No.:          24586
                                                  UDIN:
Place: Chennai  Firm Registration Number: P2021TN085400
Date: 29.07.2025  Peer Review Certificate Number: 6325/2024

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
124
ANNEXURE B
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY
The members of the Board including the Independent Directors and the Members of the Senior Management have affirmed compliance with 
the Company’s Code of Conduct for the financial year ended 31 March, 2025.
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Date: 30 April, 2025
Place: Chennai
Anand Roy
Managing Director & CEO
DIN:  08602245

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
125
ANNEXURE C
CERTIFICATE ON NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V - Para C 10 (i) of
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To
The Members
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited,
No.1, New Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road,
Nugambakkam, Chennai,
Tamil Nadu - 600034
We, Chitra Lalitha and Associates, have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns, declarations and disclosures received from the 
Directors of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited, having CIN: L66010TN2005PLC056649andhaving registered office at No.1, New 
Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road, Nugambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu – 600034(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before 
us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V - Para C Sub-clause 10 
(i) of Securities Exchange Board of India(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications, (including Directors Identification Number (“DIN”) status 
at the portalwww.mca.gov.in) of Ministry of Corporate Affairs, as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company and 
its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below, for the financial year ended 31 March, 
2025, have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”)or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sl. No.Name of the Director
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
Date of
Appointment*
Mr. Shankar Roy Anand0860224516 December, 2019
Mr. Sumir Chadha0004078929 March, 2019
Mr. Utpal Hemendra Sheth0008101229 March, 2019
Mr. Deepak Ramineedi0763176829 March, 2019
Mr. Rajeev Kher0119252411June, 2024
Mr. Rohit Bhasin024789621 November, 2019
Ms. Anisha Motwani069434931 November, 2019
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamurarilal Agarwal0798422123 May, 2021
Ms. Rajni Sekhri Sibal0917637723 May, 2021
*The date of appointment is the initial date of appointment as per the MCA Portal.
Ensuring the eligibility for appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the
responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is only to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management 
has conducted the affairs of the Company.
                                                                             For           Chitra           Lalitha           and           Associates
    Mirza Ismail Irshad Ahmed
                                        Partner
                                        FCS          No.:          11458
                                                            CP          No.:          24586
                                                  UDIN:
Place: Chennai  Firm Registration Number: P2021TN085400
Date: 29.07.2025  Peer Review Certificate Number: 6325/2024

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
126
ANNEXURE D
CEO & CFO CERTIFICATION
Date: 29 April, 2025
Place: Chennai
To
The Board of Directors
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Chennai
Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we hereby certify that:
1.      We  have  reviewed  financial  statements  and  the  cash  flow  statement  for  the  year  ended  31  March,  2025  and  that  to  the  best  of  our  
knowledge and belief:
  a.      these  statements  do  not  contain  any  materially  untrue  statement  or  omit  any  material  fact  or  contain  statements  that  might  
be misleading;
 b.  these statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting 
standards, applicable laws and regulations.
2.  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year are fraudulent, illegal or 
violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
3.      We  accept  responsibility  for  establishing  and  maintaining  internal  controls  for  financial  reporting  and  that  they  have  evaluated  the  
effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the 
audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have 
taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
4. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee
 a) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
  b)       significant  changes  in  accounting  policies  during  the  year  and  that  the  same  have  been  disclosed  in  the  notes  to  the  financial  
statements; and
  c)      instances  of  significant  fraud  of  which  they  have  become  aware  and  the  involvement  therein,  if  any,  of  the  management  or  an  
employee having a significant role in the listed entity’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
Nilesh Kambli
Chief Financial Officer
PAN: AMUPK3307J
Anand Roy
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 08602245

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
127
2.   COMPOSITION OF THE CSR COMMITTEE:
 The CSR Committee has been constituted in compliance with Section 135 of the Act. The composition of the CSR Committee is as under:
Sl 
No.
NameDesignation
Position in the 
Committee
Number of 
meetings of CSR 
Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the 
year
1.Ms.Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive Independent DirectorChairperson44
2.Mr. Anand RoyManaging Director & CEOMember44
3.Mr.Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive
Nominee Director
Member40
4.@Mr. Rajeev KherNon-Executive Independent DirectorMember43
  Note: @ Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f 25 June,,2024
ANNEXURE II
Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
1.           BRIEF   OUTLINE   OF   THE   CSR   POLICY   OF   THE   
COMPANY:
    The  functioning  of  the  Company  is  based  on  ethical  business  
practices,  absolute  customer  satisfaction,  high  integrity  and  
good corporate governance with a commitment to function as 
a socially responsible organization and hence the Company has 
implemented various CSR programs aiming at development of 
society and wider community.
    The  Company  will  endeavour  to  enhance  value  creation  in  
society  and  in  the  wider  community,  through  its  services,  
conduct and initiatives, so as to promote sustained growth, in 
fulfilment of its role as a socially responsible corporate.
    The  Company  shall  undertake  any  one  or  more  activities  
which  fall  within  the  provisions  of  Schedule  VII  of  the  Act  as  
per  Appendix  4.2  of  the  Company’s  CSR  policy  read  with  
clarifications/notifications  issued  by  the  Ministry  of  Corporate  
Affairs (MCA) from time to time in this respect.
  The Company shall spend at least 2% of the average Net Profits 
of  the  Company  made  during  the  immediately  3  preceding  
financial years towards such CSR Activities.
3.     WEBLINK OF THE CSR POLICY AND ANNUAL ACTION 
PLAN
 CSR Policy
                    https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/2_Composition_of_
committees_7994b5cf69.pdf
 Annual Action Plan
                    https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/
AAPFY_25_53254b07e7.pdf
 TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE CSR COMMITTEE
  1.      Formulation  of  a  corporate  social  responsibility  policy  
to  the  Board,  indicating  the  activities  to  be  undertaken  
by  the  Company  in  areas  or  subjects  specified  in  the  
Companies Act, 2013. The activities should be within the 
list of permitted activities specified in the Companies Act, 
2013 and the rules thereunder;
  2.      Recommending  the  amount  of  expenditure  to  be  
incurred,  amount  to  be  at  least  2%  of  the  average  net  
profit of the Company in the three immediately preceding 
financial years or where the Company has not completed 
the period of three financial years since its incorporation, 
during such immediately preceding financial years;
  3.      Instituting  a  transparent  monitoring  mechanism  for  
implementation  of  the  corporate  social  responsibility  
projects   or   programs   or   activities   undertaken   by   
the Company;
 4.  Monitoring the corporate social responsibility policy from 
time to time and issuing necessary directions as required 
for  proper  implementation  and  timely  completion  of  
corporate social responsibility programmes;
 5.  Identifying corporate social responsibility policy partners 
and corporate social responsibility policy programmes;
   6.            Identifying   and   appointing   the   corporate   social   
responsibility team of the Company including corporate 
social responsibility manager, wherever required; and
 7.  Performing such other duties and functions as the Board 
may require the corporate social responsibility committee 
to undertake to promote the corporate social responsibility 
activities  of  the  Company  or  as  may  be  required  under  
applicable laws.

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
128
4.      OVERVIEW  OF  CSR  PROJECTS  APPROVED  BY  THE  
COMPANY
 CSR Project:
    The  Company  pursued  on  the  project  Star  Arogya  Digi  Seva,  
which catered to the needs of vulnerable section of the society 
through five MHU (mobile health unit) in 8 aspirational Districts 
in  Tamil  Nadu  and  Andra  Pradesh.  The  intention  was  to  help  
the  vulnerable  sections,  especially  the  elderly  citizens  to  get  
appropriate  medical  help  with  respect  to  non-communicable  
diseases. This project significantly impacted community health 
through  digital  healthcare  initiatives.  The  program  aimed  
to  enhance  healthcare  accessibility,  provide  timely  medical  
consultations,  and  promote  health  awareness  among  the  
underserved population.
 The said project was implemented in the FY 2024-25.
    Apart  from  the  above,  the  Company  identified  certain  other  
projects and spent the corpus earmarked for CSR activities. The 
Web link to access the CSR Projects approved by the Board of 
directors of the Company: https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.
net/Corporate_Social_Responsibility_Policy_ea3c53aa5e.pdf
5.    IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF CSR PROJECTS CARRIED 
OUT  IN  PURSUANCE  OF  SUB-RULE  (3)  OF  RULE  
8   OF   THE   COMPANIES   (CORPORATE   SOCIAL   
RESPONSIBILITY POLICY) RULES, 2014
  The need for Impact assessment of CSR projects did not arise 
as  required  under  sub-rule  (3)  of  rule  8  of  the  Companies  
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
6.   CSR OBLIGATION FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR
 a.    Average net profit of the Company as per section 
135(5) of the Act:
                    ` 18,620 lakhs
  b.       Two  percent  of  the  average  net  profit  of  the  
Company as per section 135(5):
                    ` 372 lakhs
  c.          Surplus  arising  out  of  the  CSR  projects  or  
programmes   or   activities   of   the   previous   
financial years:  392 lakhs
  d.       Amount  required  to  be  set  off  for  the  financial  
year, if any:
                    ` 372 lakhs
 e.    Total CSR obligation for the financial year((b)+(c)-
(d)): 372 lakhs
7.    The  CSR  expenditure  incurred  on  voluntary  basis  during  
the  previous  three  FYs  and  available  for  set  off  during  the   
FY 2024-25 aggregates to ` 392 lakhs. Therefore, the Company 
has  set  off  the  total  CSR  obligation  of  FY  2024-25  amounting  
to ` 372 lakhs.
    However,  during  the  year  under  review,  the  Company  has  
adopted the Annual Action Plan and has created a CSR corpus 
of `168  lakhs  for  FY  2024-25  on  voluntary  basis  for  incurring  
the CSR Expenditure and the Company has spent the same for 
FY 2024-25.
  The company has incurred ` 166 lakhs towards its ongoing projects and ` 2 lakhs towards other than ongoing projects.
Project DescriptionEstimated CSR Corpus in lakhs
1. Ongoing Project Star Aroghya Digi Seva166
2. Other non-ongoing projects2
3. Administrative Expenditure 0.00
4. Human Resource 0.00
Total Estimated corpus for FY 2024-25(1+2+3+4)168
8.   AMOUNT SPENT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR
 a. Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): 
` 168 lakhs
                    i.          ONGOING          PROJECTS:          ` 166 lakhs
  ii. OTHER THAN ONGOING PROJECTS : ` 2 lakhs
 b. Amount spent on Administrative Overheads: Nil
 c.  Amount spent on Impact Assessment: Nil
 d. Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: ` `168 lakhs 

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
129
 e. CSR amount spent or unspent for FY 2025:
In lakhs
Total amount spent for 
FY 2025 (in lakhs)
Amount unspent for FY 2025
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6) of the Act.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5) 
of the Act.
AmountDate of transferName of the FundAmountDate of transfer
168NilNot applicableNot applicableNilNot applicable
 f. Excess amount for set off, if any:
Sl.NoParticularsAmount in lakhs
(i)Two percent of the average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)372*
(ii)Total amount spent for the Financial Year168
(iii)Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]168
(iv)Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, 
if any
20
(v)Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)188
  *  The CSR obligation of ` 372 lakhs for the FY 2024-25 has been set off against the excess CSR spent in the immediately preceding three financial 
years.
9.   DETAILS OF UNSPENT CSR AMOUNT FOR THE PRECEDING THREE FINANCIAL YEARS:
Sl.No
Preceding 
Financial 
Ye a r (s).
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
section 
135 (6) (in 
lakhs)
 Balance 
Amount 
in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
section 
135 
(6) (in 
lakhs)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (in 
lakhs).
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as 
per section 135(6), if any.
Amount 
remaining 
to be 
spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years. (in 
lakhs)
Deficiency, if any
 Name of 
the Fund
Amount 
(in 
lakhs).
 Date of 
transfer
2021-2022------
2022-2023------
2023-2024------
10.      WHETHER ANY CAPITAL ASSETS HAVE BEEN CREATED OR ACQUIRED THROUGH CSR AMOUNT SPENT: ASSET 
WISE DETAILS
Sl.No.
Short particulars of the 
property or asset(s) 
[including complete 
address and location of the 
property]
Pin code of the 
Property or 
asset(s)
Date of creation
Amount of CSR 
amount spent
Details of entity/ 
Authority/ 
beneficiary of the 
registered owner
(1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)
Not applicable
11.      SPECIFY THE REASON(S), IF THE COMPANY HAS FAILED TO SPEND TWO PER CENT OF THE AVERAGE NET PROFIT 
AS PER SECTION 135(5) OF THE ACT.
 Not applicable
          Sd/-                                                                                Sd/-
           Anand           Roy                                                                                        Anisha           Motwani
 Managing Director & CEO        Chairman of CSR Committee

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
130
To,
The Members
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
No.1, New Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road
Nugambakkam
Chennai - 600 034.
We  have  conducted  the  secretarial  audit  of  the  compliance  of  
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY 
LIMITED (CIN: L66010TN2005PLC056649) (hereinafter called the 
“Company”) for the financial year ended 31 March, 2025.
The  Secretarial  Audit  was  conducted  in  a  manner  that  provided  us  
a  reasonable  basis  for  evaluating  the  corporate  conducts/statutory  
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
A.     Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute 
books,  forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records  maintained  
by  the  Company  and  also  the  information  provided  by  the  
Company,  its  officers,  agents  and  authorized  representatives  
during  the  conduct  of  the  secretarial  audit,  we  hereby  report  
that, in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period 
covering the financial year ended on 31 March, 2025, generally 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also 
that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to 
the reporting made hereinafter:
B.  We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for 
the  financial  year  ended  on  31  March,  2025  according  to  the  
provisions of:
  (i)      The  Companies  Act,  2013  (the  Act)  and  the  rules  
made thereunder;
  (ii)         The  Securities  Contracts  (Regulation)  Act,  1956  (‘SCRA’)  
and the rules made thereunder;
 (iii)         The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder;
  (iv)          Foreign  Exchange  Management  Act,  1999  and  the  rules  
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct  Investment.  (Overseas  Direct  Investment  and  
External  Commercial  Borrowings  are  not  applicable  for  
the Company);
  (v)         The  following  Regulations  and  Guidelines  prescribed  
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’) as amended from time to time:-
ANNEXURE III
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31.03.2025
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule
No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
      a.        The   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India   
(Substantial  Acquisition  of  Shares  and  Takeovers)  
Regulations, 2011;
      b.        The   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India   
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
    c.      The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Share  
Based   Employee   Benefits   and   Sweat   Equity)   
Regulations, 2021;
      d.        The   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India   
(Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015.
      The  Company  has  not  undertaken  any  of  the  activities  
as envisaged in the following regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the SEBI Act’
  1.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars 
to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 
1993  regarding  the  Companies  Act  and  dealing  
with client;
  2.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
  3.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018;
      4.        The   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India   
(Issue  of  Capital  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  
Regulations, 2018;
      5.        The   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India   
(Issue  and  Listing  of  Non-Convertible  Securities)  
Regulations, 2021;
 (vi) The other laws applicable specifically to the company:
  • Insurance Act 1938 and the Rules made there under.
    •    Insurance  Regulatory  and  Development  Authority  
Act, 1999 and the Regulations made there under.
    •    Master  Circular  on  Corporate  Governance  for  
Insurers,  2024,  issued  by  Insurance  Regulatory  and  
Development Authority of India.
      We  have  also  examined  whether  adequate  systems  and  
processes are in place to monitor and ensure compliance 
with  general  laws  like  labour  laws,  competition  laws,  
environment laws etc.
   In respect of financial laws like Tax laws, etc we have relied 
on the audit reports made available during our audit for us 
to have the satisfaction that the Company has complied 
with the provisions of such laws.

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
131
  We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
  i.     Secretarial  Standards  in  respect  of  Meetings  of  Board  of  
Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings SS-2, as amended, 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
 ii.    The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited 
for listing of securities.
 iii.     The Debt Listing Agreement entered into by the Company 
with National Stock Exchange of India Limited;
    During  the  period  under  review  the  Company  has  generally  
complied  with  the  provisions  of  the  Act,  Rules,  Regulations,  
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
C. We further report that
 i.  The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted 
with   proper   balance   of   Executive   Directors,   Non-
Executive  Directors,  Non-Executive  Women  Directors  
under  Independent  Category  and  other  Non-Executive  
Independent  Directors.  The  changes  in  the  composition  
of the Board of Directors that took place during the period 
under  review  were  carried  out  in  compliance  with  the  
provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and the Securities 
and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended 
from time to time.
 ii.  Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board  Meetings,  agenda  and  detailed  notes  on  agenda  
were sent in advance, and a system exists for seeking and 
obtaining  further  information  and  clarifications  on  the  
agenda  items  before  the  meeting  and  for  meaningful  
participation at the meeting.
 iii.  All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings 
are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of 
the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of 
the Board, as the case may be.
D.    We  further  report  that  there  are  adequate  systems  and  
processes  in  the  company  commensurate  with  the  size  and  
operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
E.  We further report that during the audit period the company 
had the following major transactions
  1.      The  Company  during  the  year  had  allotted  25,03,078  
equity shares under ESOP Scheme 2019.
 2.    The members approved the re-appointment of Mr. Anand 
Roy  (DIN:  08602245)  as  Managing  Director  &  CEO  in  the  
Annual General Meeting dated 23 September, 2024 for the 
period of five years commencing from 16 December, 2024 
and approval of Remuneration Payable to him.
  3.      The  adoption  of  Employee  Stock  Option  Scheme  2024  
(ESOP  2024)  was  approved  by  the  shareholders  through  
Postal Ballot on 15 March, 2025.
  This  report  has  to  be  read  along  with  our  statement  
furnished in Annexure A
For Chitra Lalitha and Associates
                                 M           Francis
                              Partner
 FCS No.:10705
                                                                                                    C          P          No.:          14967
 UDIN: F010705G000225568
Place: Chennai  Firm Registration Number: P2021TN085400
Date: 29.04.2025  Peer Review Certificate Number: 6325/2024

Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
132
Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members,
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
No.1, New Tank Street,
Valluvarkottam High Road
Nugambakkam
Chennai - 600 034.
Dear Sir(s),
Sub.: Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year ended 31.03.2025
1.  Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. 
We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4.      Where  ever  required,  we  have  obtained  the  Management  representation  about  the  compliance  of  laws,  rules  and  regulations  and  
happening of events etc.
5.      The  compliance  of  the  provisions  of  Corporate  and  other  applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations,  standards  is  the  responsibility  of  the  
management of the Company. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.    The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which 
the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Chitra Lalitha and Associates
                                 M           Francis
                              Partner
 FCS No.:10705
                                                                                                    C          P          No.:          14967
 UDIN: F010705G000225568
Place: Chennai  Firm Registration Number: P2021TN085400
Date: 29.04.2025  Peer Review Certificate Number: 6325/2024

Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
133
ANNEXURE  IV
A.        INFORMATION  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  197  OF  THE  COMPANIES  ACT,  2013  READ  WITH  RULE  5(1)  OF  THE  
COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
Name of the Directors & Key 
Managerial Personnel
Designation
Ratio of remuneration to 
median remuneration of 
all Employees
Percentage increase 
in remuneration 
over last FY 2024
Mr.Anand RoyManaging Director & CEO133.23:110%
Mr.Nilesh KambliChief Financial Officer55.11:114%
Ms.Jayashree SethuramanCompany Secretary8.54:182%
 1. The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the Financial Year 2024-25 was `5,69,122/-
 2. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the Financial Year 2024-25 was 13.28%
 3. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of company as at 31 March, 2025 was 15,816
 4.  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year 
and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are 
any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration :
  Salary correction is the reason for exceptional increase in managerial remuneration.
   An increase of 10 % was given to the employees during the year under review as against increase in remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel of  35%.
 5. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: Ye s

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
Details of the Listed Entity
1.Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed EntityL66010TN2005PLC056649
2.Name of the EntityStar Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
3.Year of Incorporation2005
4.Registered office address
No.1, New Tank Street, Valluvarkottam High Road, Nungambakkam 
Chennai TN 600034 India
5.Corporate address
Acropolis “, No. 148, Dr Radha Krishnan Salai, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
600004, India
6.E-mailinvestors@starhealth.in
7.Telephone044- 4788 6666
8.Websitewww.starhealth.in
9.Financial year for which reporting is being doneFY 2024 – 25
10.Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed
Equity shares are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Limited 
and National Stock Exchange (NSE) of India Limited
11.Paid-up Capital
` 587.79 crores
12.
Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the 
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the 
BRSR report
Sriram Ragunandhanan
Chief Human Resources Officer
Email id - rsriram@starhealth.in
13.
Reporting boundary
Are the disclosures under this report made on a standalone 
basis (i.e., only for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e., 
for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its 
consolidated financial statements, taken together).
Disclosures made in this report are on a standalone basis
14.Name of assurance provider
The Company has not carried out the assurance of the Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for FY 2024-25
15.Type of assurance obtainedAssurance has not been carried out.
II       PRODUCTS/SERVICES
1. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. No.Description of Main ActivityDescription of Business Activity
% of Turnover of the Entity 
(FY 2024-25)
1Health insurance servicesThe Company is engaged in Non- 
life Insurance Services.
 100%
2. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. No.Product/ServiceNIC Code
% Of Total Turnover 
Contributed
1The Company provides insurance services in 
Health, Personal Accident and Overseas Travel
6512100%
III     OPERATIONS
3. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location
Number of operational 
locations
Number of officesTo t a l
National-914914
International-00
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
134

4. Markets served by the entity:
a. Number of locations
LocationsNumber
National (No. of States)30*
International (No. of Countries)0
 Note: *the number is inclusive of branch locations in Union Territories (UT )
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
          0.39%
c. A brief on types of customers
    Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  Company  Limited  is  first  standalone  health  insurance  company  in  India.  The  Company  has  a  diverse  
customer portfolio in the sector of health, personal accident and overseas travel insurance for retail, corporate and SME customers.
IV     EMPLOYEES
5.  Details as at the end of Financial Year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled*):
S. No.ParticularsTo t a l (A)
MaleFemale
No. (B)% (B / A)No. (C)% (C / A)
Employees
1.Permanent (D)157981129071%450829%
2.Other than Permanent (E)1818100%00%
3.Total employees (D + E)158161130871%450829%
Workers*
4Permanent (F)Not Applicable, since the Company does not have ‘worker’ as defined in the 
guidance
1
, issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India
5Other than Permanent (G)
6Total employees (F + G)
  Note: *Company aims to enhance inclusivity for women and persons with disabilities, including through the Special Care Gold Policy – India’s first Braille 
policy tailored for PWDs.
b. Differently abled Employees:
S. No.ParticularsTo t a l (A)
MaleFemale
No. (B)% (B / A)No. (C)% (C / A)
Employees
1.Permanent (D)55100%00
2.Other than Permanent (E)00000
3.Total employees (D + E)55100%00
c. Differently abled Workers*:
S. No.ParticularsTo t a l (A)
MaleFemale
No. (B)% (B / A)No. (C)% (C / A)
Workers
1.Permanent (D)N. A
2.Other than Permanent (E)
3.Total employees (D + E)
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
1
 https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebi_data/commondocs/jul-2023/Annexure_II-Updated-BRSR_p.PDF
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
135

6. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women 
CategoryTo t a l (A)
No. and percentage of Females
No. (B)% (B / A)
Board of Directors9222%
Key Management Personnel (KMP)*5240%
 Note: *Key Management Personnel includes the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer & the Company Secretary
7. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
Category
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24FY 2022-23
MaleFemaleTo t a lMaleFemaleTo t a lMaleFemaleTo t a l
Permanent Employees38.43%38.60%38.48%32.50%30.48%32%34.96%32.18%34.21%
Permanent Workers*N. A
 Note: *Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
V HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
8. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
  The Company has no holding, subsidiary and associate companies within its business as on 31 March, 2025.
VII    CSR DETAILS
9. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No) – Yes
Sr No.ParticularsDetails
1
Turnover (in `)` 16,781.36 Cr
2
Net worth (in `)` 7,022.02 Cr
TRANSPARENCY AND DISCLOSURES COMPLIANCES
10.    Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder group from 
whom complaint is 
received
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism 
in place  
(Yes/No)
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
CommunitiesYes0NILNIL0NILNIL
Investors (other than 
shareholders)
Yes*0NILNIL0NILNIL
ShareholdersYes*30NIL20NIL
Employees and workersYes00NIL00NIL
CustomersYes***20310390NIL16582313NIL
Value Chain PartnersYes***------
Others (please specify)N. A00N. A00N. A
           Note:
 (*) - Details of Investors (including Bond Holders/Shareholders are covered)
 (**) - Web link of the Grievance Redressal Policy: https://www.starhealth.in/investors/contact-us/
 (***) - Web link of the Grievance Redressal Policy: https://www.starhealth.in/grievance-redressal/
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
136

11. 
Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues
 
 
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format:
Sr. No.
Material issues identified
Indicate Risk/ Opportunity
Rationale for identifyingthe risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial implication of the risk or opportunity (Indicate positive/ negative implications)
1
Data Privacy, Information & Cyber Security
Risk
The risk associated with data privacy, information, and cyber security is paramount for Star Health.• 
 
Highly Sensitive Data: The Company is aware of the traffic of personal and health sensitive information, making it a prime target for theft, fraud or extortion.
• 
 
Increasing Digitalization: Growing reliance on digital platforms for operations expands the vulnerabilities for data breaches.
• 
 
Escalating Cyber Threats: Possibilities of increasing cyber-attacks such as ransomware, phishing, will lead to financial losses, operational disruption and reputational damage.
• 
 
Stringent Regulations: India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA) and IRDAI regulations impose strict obligations and significant penalties for data breaches and non-compliance, making privacy and security failures a major financial and legal risk.
Star Health has adopted the following measures to mitigate risks;• 
 
Robust Security Measures: Implementing advanced security technologies, conducting regular security assessments and performing penetration testing to proactively identify and mitigate vulnerabilities.
• 
 
Employee awareness & training: Investing in comprehensive training programs for capacity building
• 
 
Strong Data Governance & Compliance: Maintaining stringent data governance policies and practices to ensure full adherence to the DPDPA and other applicable regulations.
• 
 
Continuous monitoring & threat detection: Star Health will be implementing real time monitoring systems and leveraging advanced analytics to detect and response to threats.
• 
 
Incident Response & Recovery Plan: Developing and regularly testing a comprehensive incident response plan to ensure swift and coordinated response to data breach.
Negative
2
Innovation & Technology Adoption
Opportunity & Risk
The Company understands the inherent risks associated with adopting new technologies or business models.• 
 
AI Bias & Fairness: Risks of AI algorithms (such as in underwriting, claims assessment) inadvertently discriminating against certain policyholder demographics based on biased training data, leading to ethical and regulatory issues.
• 
 
Data Quality for Analytics: Poor data quality from new sources (such as wearable data, telemedicine platforms) can lead to flawed insights and incorrect policy decisions or premium calculations.
• 
 
Regulatory uncertainty for New Models: Lack of clear guidelines from IRDAI or other bodies regarding emerging technologies like AI in underwriting or new digital health service.
The following are the key measures:• 
 
Data Governance for new data sources: Establishing clear policies for the collection, storage, processing and use of data from new technologies (such as wearable and telehealth data) to maintain privacy and quality
• 
 
Regulatory sandboxes & engagements: participating in regulatory sandboxes or engaging proactively with IRDAI to seek clarity and influence policy development for emerging health tech
• 
 
Internal Capacity building: The company also invests in employee training and awareness programs to ensure that relevant staffs are equipped to understand the efficient use of new technology and aware of inherent potential risk.
Negative and Positive
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
137

Sr. No.
Material issues identified
Indicate Risk/ Opportunity
Rationale for identifyingthe risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial implication of the risk or opportunity (Indicate positive/ negative implications)
3
Ethics and Compliance
Opportunity & Risk
• 
 
Negative events such as regulatory non-conformance, ethical lapses and customer dissatisfaction can severely damage reputation & trust and can be identified as a material risk requiring vigilant management.
To mitigate this risk;• 
 
Implement a comprehensive Brand Reputation & Trust Management Policy.
• 
 
Conduct continuous customer feedback and market monitoring.
• 
Ensure stringent regulatory (IRDAI) and ethical conduct.
• 
 
Enhance product offerings with a focus on inclusive and affordable solutions.
• 
 
Execute proactive public relations and transparent communications, especially during crises.
• 
 
Invest in technology and innovation to streamline compliance and improve customer experience.
• 
 
Invest in technology and innovation to streamline compliance and improve customer experience.
• 
 
Cultivate an employee culture prioritizing customer centricity, ethics and compliance through training.
Negative and Positive
4
Employee Health Safety & development
Risk
This is an enterprise risk directly correlating with key business objectives:• 
 
Productivity & efficiency (reduced absenteeism, higher engagement)
• 
 
Talent attraction and retention (enhanced employer attractiveness)
• 
 
Service quality & customer satisfaction (empathetic, efficient service.)
• 
Innovation & adaptability (resilient workforce)
• 
 
Compliance & governance (labour laws, occupational safety)
• 
 
Mitigation of operational risks (reduced errors, lower attrition)
• 
Provide robust health insurance (Mediclaim, other covers)
• 
 
Enhance healthcare access via Star Wellness App (teleconsultations, digital records)
• 
 
Offer mental health support (confidential counselling, stress management, awareness)
• 
 
Promote work life integration (flexible arrangements, paid time off )
• 
Ensure ergonomic work environment (office & remote)
• 
 
Implement physical activity and wellness programs (challenges, gym tie ups)
• 
 
Offer financial wellness initiatives (workshops, assistance programs)
• 
Train leaders to support team well-being
• 
Facilitate regular health check-ups and awareness camps
• 
 
Utilize feedback mechanisms (surveys, anonymous channels) for continuous improvement.
Positive and Negative
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
138

Sr. No.
Material issues identified
Indicate Risk/ Opportunity
Rationale for identifyingthe risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial implication of the risk or opportunity (Indicate positive/ negative implications)
5
Human Rights
Risk
• 
Non compliances pose significant legal, reputational and 
operational risks including potential regulatory penalties
• 
 
The Company prioritizes human rights protection through well-defined policies and practices, embedded with Star Health’s Code of Conduct (employees) and Human Rights Policy.
• 
 
Ensure compliance via comprehensive training programs for all employees, specifically covering huma rights, non-discrimination and ethical conduct
• 
 
The Company has established a robust grievance mechanism for redressal of issues specific to human rights violations and practices to under process to conduct human rights diligence across supply chain to ensure vendors and partners also adheres to human rights principles, reflecting Star Health’s commitment to responsible business practices.
Negative
6
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Opportunity
• 
 
Star Health recognizes that diversity encompasses representation, valuing the unique contribution presence and perspectives of individuals from various backgrounds (e.g., gender, age, ethnicity, disability, socio-economic background, regional representation across India).
• 
 
Inclusion ensures all employees feel valued, respected and empowered to contribute fully.
• 
 
Equity focuses on fair treatment and access to opportunities, addressing systematic barriers.
• 
 
A diverse workforce reflects Star Health’s broad customer base across India, enhancing market understanding and customer responsiveness.
Positive
7
Corporate Governance
Risk
• 
 
As a public facing insurance company, corporate governance risks such as compliance breaches, stakeholder distrust and reputational damage are material to Star Health
• 
 
Poor and unmanaged governance issues will result in fraud and ineffective strategy jeopardizing long term viability and policyholder trust
• 
 
Defined governance structure: The Company has a well-defined governance structure, with oversight from the Board and committees such as the Audit and Risk Management Committees.
• 
 
Comprehensive policy framework: Policies including the Code of Conduct, Whistleblower Policy, and regular compliance reviews ensure adherence to ethical and legal standards.
• 
 
Transparency & Disclosure: uphold high transparency standards by providing timely and accurate disclosures to all stakeholders as per regulatory requirements.
Negative
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
139

Sr. No.
Material issues identified
Indicate Risk/ Opportunity
Rationale for identifyingthe risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial implication of the risk or opportunity (Indicate positive/ negative implications)
8
Risk Management and Business Continuity (incl. climate risk)
Risk & Opportunity
• 
 
In a sector exposed to market, operational, and regulatory changes, lack of risk preparedness can lead to business disruption.
• 
 
Events like natural disasters, climate risks, pandemics, or IT outages can severely impact claims servicing and business operations.
• 
 
Adapting underwriting and product design to climate risks can also position the Company as a sustainability leader
• 
 
The Company has implemented an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework and a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to identify, assess, and manage risks.
• 
 
Regular stress testing, scenario planning, and IT disaster recovery drills are conducted to enhance resilience.
• 
 
The Company assesses climate-related physical and transition risks and will work to integrate ESG considerations into risk modelling and product design.
• 
 
It also aims to reduce its carbon footprint by adopting green operational practices
Positive and Negative
9
Customer Satisfaction and Engagement
Opportunity
• 
 
Enhancing customer experience and trust is key in a competitive insurance market, especially with increasing digital adoption.
• 
 
Satisfied customers contribute to retention, cross-selling, and brand value.
Positive
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
140

SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping business demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards 
adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Star Health has put in place structures, policies and processes conforming to below mentioned National Guidelines on Responsible Business 
Conduct (NGRBC) Principles:
S. 
No.
Principle DescriptionReference for Star Health’s Policies /Procedure/Standard
1Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with 
Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.
• Whistle Blower Policy
• Privacy Policy
• Ethical sales & customer commitments
• Political non-alignment
• Insider Training
• Anti-Money laundering Policy
• Information & Cyber Security
• Intellectual Property Rights
• ESG Policy
• Code of Conduct & Ethics
• Anti-Corruption Policy
• Risk Control
2Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe 
and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle
• ESG Policy
3Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees.• Mental Health & Well-being Policy
• Anti-Harassment Policy
• Employees Grievance Redressal Policy
• Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Standard Manual
4Businesses should respect the interests of, and be 
responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who 
are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.
• Equal Opportunity Employer Policy
• Promoting Diversity & Emerging Opportunity Policy
• Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
5Businesses should respect and promote human rights.•  Company has conducted Business & Human Rights assessment 
for their own operations FY 2023-24
•  Top-up Human Rights Diligence will be conducted for  
FY 2024-25
6Businesses should respect, protect, and make efforts to 
restore the environment.
• Procurement Policy
• ESG Policy & Handbook (ESMS Manual)
7Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and 
regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner
• Political non-alignment Procedure
8Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable 
development
• Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
• Promoting Diversity & Emerging Opportunity Policy
9Businesses should engage with and provide value to their 
customers and consumers in a responsible manner
•  Ethical sales & customer commitments
• Customer Grievance Policy
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
141

Disclosure QuestionsP 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
Policy and management processes
1. a.  Whether your entity’s policy/policies 
cover each principle and its core 
elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
YYYYYYYYY
 b.  Has the policy been approved by the 
Board? (Yes/No)
Yes
 c. Web Link of the Policies, if availablePertinent policies that are developed and implemented by the Company as per the 
NGRBC requirement are uploaded on the website of the company.
More details about the policy can be accessed through the link -https://www.starhealth.
in/investors/policies/ and https://www.starhealth.in/investors/compliance-in-other-
areas/
Some of the policies of the Company are accessible only to employees and other internal 
stakeholders.
2.  Whether the entity has translated the 
policy into procedures. (Yes / No)
Yes
3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to your 
value chain partners? (Yes/No)
Yes, our value chain partners are contractually obligated to comply with requirements 
pertaining to a safe and healthy environment, prohibition of child labour and forced 
labour, nondiscrimination, employment conditions, provision of wages and working 
hours.
Additionally, we have The Code of Conduct for Supplier/Vendors that reflects the group’s 
commitment to sustainable sourcing, outlining key principles for ethical and sustainable 
business practices in the supply chain.
The company also has taken measures to screen Suppliers & Vendors from an ESG 
perspective. We maintain zero tolerance towards bribery and corruption and also 
encourage its suppliers to set measurable environmental and social targets, actively 
prevent and mitigate risks, and adopt sustainable and environmentally friendly practices.
More details can be accessed through following link https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.
net/Code_of_Conduct_for_Suppliers_Vendors_d0d90281c8.pdf
4.  Name of the national and international 
codes/ certifications/ labels/ standards 
(e.g., Forest Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, 
Rainforest Alliance, Trustee) standards (e.g., 
SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) mapped to each 
principle.
Star Health adopts and complies with the principles of the National Guidelines for 
Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC’s) and another international standard as 
applicable and relevant. Some of the third-party certifications are mentioned herein:
• ISO:27001; 2022 for Information Security Management System (ISMS)
• ISO:2230; 2019 for Business Continuity Management System (BCMS)
• ISO: 9001; 2015 for Quality Management Systems (QMS)
5.  Specific commitments, goals and targets 
set by the entity with defined timelines, if 
any.
Star Health has laid a strong foundation for its sustainability strategy, demonstrating its 
commitment to Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) principles. The company 
has defined a clear ESG Vision with defined goals and timelines to guide its transition 
toward responsible business practices.
A comprehensive ESG Management system outlines the overarching framework of 
governance, identification of relevant E&S risks & their management by supporting 
procedures. Additionally, the Company has identified ESG KPIs and sets out the track to 
monitor and report on the actions undertaken via various working groups across the 
department with specific goals and action plans across functions such as Administration, 
CSR, Risk, Customer Relations, Safety, Legal, Claims, and Underwriting. These initiatives are 
then tracked through internal ESG target review quarterly to ensure accountability.
Completed ESG Activities in FY 2025
• Business & Human Rights Assessment
• ESG workshops for employees, management committee, and board members
• Supply Chain Vendor E&S Screening
•  Development of ESMS Manual (including E&S Risk Management and Climate 
Governance)
•  Climate Disclosure Gap Assessment against TCFD Framework
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
142

Disclosure QuestionsP 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
Ongoing ESG Activities pertaining to FY 2025
• Climate Risk Assessment (CRA Report) across its two operational assets
• Human Rights Due Diligence across its own operations and supply chain
•  Reporting on Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and publication of the 
Sustainability Report
6.  Performance of the entity against specific 
commitments, goals, and targets along 
with reasons in case the same are not met.
The Company continues to strengthen its ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) 
performance across its operations, with a focus on setting and achieving long-
term sustainability goals. Building on progress from the previous year, the following 
commitments and targets have been undertaken and advanced:
•  A baseline Business & Human Rights (BHR) Assessment, aligned with the UN 
Guiding Principles (UNGPs), has been conducted and a top-up assessment is 
scheduled for FY 2024–25 to ensure continued alignment and risk responsiveness.
•  The materiality assessment has been concluded; however, the double materiality 
assessment is yet to be undertaken and is planned for the upcoming reporting 
cycle.
•  The Company remains on track to publish its Sustainability Report in alignment 
with GRI Standards by October 2025, in continuation of last year’s commitment to 
enhanced transparency.
•  An Environmental and Social Management System (ESMS) has been developed 
to establish ESG and Climate framework in accordance with the IRDAI Corporate 
Governance Regulations, 2024.
Governance, leadership, and oversight
7.  Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, 
targets and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
  At Star Health, sustainability has progressed from vision to action. Over the past year, the Company has moved decisively from 
planning to execution—embedding Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) principles across key operations and decision-
making processes.
 Key milestones reflect this momentum:
 • Completion of the Company’s first Sustainability Disclosures (GRI Reporting, establishing a foundation for strategic ESG priorities.
 • Initiation of a Business & Human Rights (BHR) Assessment, aligned with global best practices and the UN Guiding Principles.
 •  Development of a comprehensive Environmental and Social Management System (ESMS) to institutionalize ESG & Climate 
risk framework across the organization. This has aligned the organization in compliance to the IRDAI Corporate Governance 
Regulations, 2024
 •  Commencement of a climate risk assessment and disclosure gap analysis to align with the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
  The Company institutionalizes sustainability-led thinking and culture across all functions. ESG workshops for employees, 
management, and Board members have been conducted to build awareness and foster accountability at every level. Supplier 
screening mechanisms are being enhanced, and climate-related considerations are now actively integrated into enterprise risk 
discussions.
  This year marks a transition: from intent to institutionalization. Ethical governance, transparency, and stakeholder trust remain central 
to this journey. Star Health is not only responding to evolving ESG expectations, it is shaping its business to be future-ready, resilient, 
and inclusive. As the Company deepens its ESG integration, the goal remains clear: to build a healthcare brand that stands for 
reliability, responsibility, and long-term impact.
8.  Details of the highest authority 
responsible for implementation and 
oversight of the Business Responsibility 
policy/policies
Name: - Mr. Anand Shankar Roy
Designation: - MD & CEO
DIN: - 08602245
9.  Does the entity have a specified 
Committee of the Board/ Director 
responsible for decision making on 
sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If 
yes, provide details.
Yes, the ESG Committee and the Board of Directors oversee the Company’s sustainability 
agenda, including environmental, social, and governance-related matters.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
143

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was undertaken by 
Director / Committee of the Board/Any other 
Committee
Frequency (Annually/Half yearly/ Quarterly/ 
Any other– please specify)
P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
Performance against 
above policies and follow 
up action
The Company follows a well-established policy 
review process. All company policies undergo 
periodic assessments, or are reviewed on an 
as-needed basis, by relevant personnel. This 
includes department heads, business heads, senior 
management, and / or designated committees 
depending on the specific policy
To guarantee policy effectiveness, the Company 
actively reviews all policies on an annual basis or as 
need basis, involving department heads, business 
heads, senior management, and dedicated 
committees. During these reviews, the team 
evaluates policy efficacy and implements necessary 
updates, ultimately presenting them to the Board 
of Directors for consideration
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance 
to the principles, and 
rectification of any non-
compliances
The Company complies with all regulations that 
apply to its operations
Quarterly or as need basis
11.Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation 
of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If 
yes, provide the name of the agency.
P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
Star Health conducts regular internal assessments to identify areas 
for improvement and refine its processes. Additionally, it leverages 
external experts for deeper evaluation when needed.
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Disclosure QuestionsP 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
1.  The entity does not consider the Principles material to its 
business (Yes/No)
N.A
2.  The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
formulate and implement the policies on specified 
principles (Yes/No)
3.  The entity does not have the financial or/human and 
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)
4.  It is planned to be done in the next financial year  
(Yes/No)
5. Any other reason (please specify)
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
144

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, 
Transparent and Accountable
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:
Segment
Total number 
of training 
and awareness 
programmes held
Topics / principles covered under the 
training and its impact
%age of persons in 
respective category 
covered by the 
awareness programmes
Board of Directors (BoD)1Ethics, Sustainability, Human rights, Inclusive 
Environment, Customer Management
100%
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)1Ethics, Sustainability, Human rights, Inclusive 
Environment, Customer Management
100%
Employees other than BoD and 
KMPs
1Ethics, Sustainability, Human rights, Inclusive 
Environment, Customer Management
100%
Workers*N.A
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
2.  Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by 
the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, in the financial 
year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the 
entity’s website):
Monetary
NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
Enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount  
(In `)
Brief of the Case
Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine*GST Authorities7,43,386Short payment of tax 
and Ineligible credit
No
PF/ESI7,90,704Late deposit for PF 
contribution
No
SettlementThere have been no instances of compounding fee/settlement/imprisonment/punishment for  
FY 2024-25
Compounding fee
Non-Monetary
NGRBC Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
Enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Brief of the 
Case
Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Imprisonment
There have been no cases which led to any imprisonment or punishment for FY 2024-25.
Punishment
3.  Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where 
monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case detailsName of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institution
NILNIL
4.  Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, 
provide a web-link to the policy.
  Yes, Star Health has a comprehensive Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy in place, reflecting our unwavering commitment to 
conducting business with integrity, fairness, and professionalism. Our policy adopts a “Zero Tolerance” approach to bribery and corruption, 
ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations that prohibit improper payments, gifts, or inducements of any kind.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
145

    The  ABAC  Policy  provides  clear  guidance  on  recognizing,  reporting,  and  dealing  with  bribery  and  corrupt  practices.  It  outlines  the  
responsibilities  of  all  individuals  associated  with  Star  Health,  including  directors,  senior  managers,  officers,  employees,  consultants,  
contractors, and third parties, to uphold the highest standards of ethical conduct.
    The  ABAC  Policy  is  part  of  our  induction  process,  ensuring  that  employees  &  associated  entities  receive  relevant  training  on  how  to  
implement and adhere to the policy. Our commitment to transparency and accountability is further supported by other complementary 
policies,  including  the  Whistleblower  Policy,  Anti-Fraud  Policy,  and  Employee  Code  of  Conduct  and  Ethics.  These  policies  collectively  
reinforce our dedication to ethical business practices and the prevention of bribery and corruption.
    The  ABAC  Policy  can  be  accessed  through  the  following  link,  titled  as  Anti  Bribery  Anti-Corruption  Policy:  https://www.starhealth.in/
investors/compliance-in-other-areas/
5.  Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law 
enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/corruption:
Case detailsFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Directors00
KMPs00
Employees00
Workers*N.A
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
          None
7.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties /action taken by 
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
          None
8.  Number of days of accounts payables (Accounts payable*365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following 
format:
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Number of days of accounts payables5950
9. Open-ness of business
  Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-
with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
ParameterMetricsFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Concentration of 
Purchases
a.  Purchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchases
NILNIL
b.  Number of trading houses where purchases are 
made from
NILNIL
c.  Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of 
total purchases from trading houses
NILNIL
Concentration of 
Sales*
a.  Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total salesNILNIL
b.  Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales 
are made
NILNIL
c.  Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of 
total sales to dealers / distributors
NILNIL
Share of Related Party 
Transactions in
a.  Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total 
Purchases)
0.00%0.00%
b.  Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales)0.00%0.01%
c.  Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to 
related parties / Total loans & advances)
NILNIL
d.  Investments (Investments in related parties / 
Total Investments made)
NILNIL
 Note: *Dealers / Distributors model is not applicable for Insurance Companies; the Company does not involve in any sales to Dealers / Distributors
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
146

Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
  The company actively engages with its value chain partners through regular meetings and awareness sessions, highlighting a customer-
centric  focus.  These  interactions  promote  collaboration  and  address  challenges  to  enhance  customer  experience,  a  strategy  termed  
“Process Through Synergy.”
  In addition, hospital front desk meetings with insurance managers across India are conducted to share knowledge and insights. A dedicated 
team of hospital relationship managers and zonal office claims administrators is available at all zonal and regional levels to address any 
queries or grievances.
2.  Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? 
(Yes/No) If yes, provide details of the same.
  Yes. The Company has appropriate safeguards in place to prevent conflict of interest. The Company’s Code of Conduct prescribes that the 
Directors and Senior Management shall avoid any personal or financial dealings with the company, and they shall always avoid conflict 
of interest while dealing with the company and its employees, vendors and in case of any conflicts of interest, they shall bring the same 
to the notice of the company as soon as possible.
 More details can be accessed through the link https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/code_of_conduct_09a08d8c20.pdf
Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is Sustainable and Safe
Essential Indicators
1.  Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the 
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the 
entity, respectively.
FY 2024-25*FY 2023-24
Details of improvements in environmental and social 
impacts
R&DGiven the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company. Hence, 
no specific allocation is being monitored under improvements in environmental and social impacts.
Capex
  Note: *Company incurs Capital Expenditure (Capex) of 59.95 cr. only as a part of the digitalization journey for procurement of business digitally in fixed IT 
assets (22.95 cr.) and intangible assets i.e., software’s (37 cr.)
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
      Yes,  we  have  a  Procurement  Policy,  however  the  percentage  of  the  material  is  not  being  tracked.  Additionally,  Star  Health  has  
developed The Code of Conduct for Supplier/Vendors that reflects the group’s commitment to sustainable sourcing, outlining key 
principles for ethical and sustainable business practices in the supply chain.
   The company also has taken measures to screen Suppliers & Vendors from an ESG perspective. We maintains zero tolerance towards 
bribery and corruption and encourages its suppliers to set measurable environmental and social targets, actively prevent and mitigate 
risks, and adopt sustainable and environmentally friendly practices.
   More details are available on https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Code_of_Conduct_for_Suppliers_Vendors_d0d90281c8.pdf
 b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
                    Refer          above.
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of 
life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste
  As Star Health primarily focuses on providing health insurance services, it is not involved in the manufacturing of any products. Hence, 
the procurement of physical raw material is minimal. Therefore, the company does not maintain records of hazardous waste generation. 
Its product and service offerings are designed to be delivered digitally, minimizing material usage and potential waste. The Company is 
committed to operating with sustainability principles in mind and continuously seeks to reduce its environmental footprint.
4.  Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether 
the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution 
Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
 Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
147

Leadership Indicators
1.  Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing 
industry) or for its services (for service industry)?
 Not Applicable
2.  If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal 
of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other 
means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
 Not Applicable
3.  Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for 
manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Indicate input material
Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
As Star Health focuses solely on financial services, it does not manufacture products and therefore does not track recycled / reused 
material consumption.
4.  Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, 
and safely disposed of.
 Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company.
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
 Not Applicable
Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category
% of employees covered by
To t a l 
(A)
Health InsuranceAccident Insurance
Maternity 
Benefits
Paternity 
Benefits
Day Care 
Facilities
Number 
(B)
% (B/ A)
Number 
(C)
%(C/A)
Number 
(D)
% 
(D/A)
Number 
(E)
%(E/ 
A)
Number 
(F)
%
 
(F/ A)
Permanent Employees
Male1129011290100% as 
sum insured
11290100% as 
sum insured
N.AN.A11290100%N.A*
Female45084508100% as 
sum insured
4508100% as 
sum insured
425594%N.AN.A
Total1579815798100%15798100%425594%11290100%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male1818100% as 
sum insured
18100% as 
sum insured
N.AN.A18100%N.AN.A
FemaleN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.AN.A
Total1818100% as 
sum insured
18100% as 
sum insured
N.AN.A18100%N.AN.A
   Note: * To enable women employees to stay invested in their careers, the Company offers supportive policies that cater to their needs at various 
life stages. Some of these policies include maternity leave, miscarriage/medical termination of pregnancy leave and special leave (actuary leave, 
occupational injury leave).
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
148

 b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category
% of workers covered by
To t a l 
(A)
Health 
Insurance
Accident 
Insurance
Maternity 
Benefits
Paternity 
Benefits
Day Care 
Facilities
Number 
(B)
%  
(B/ A)
Number 
(C)
% 
(C/A)
Number 
(D)
%  
(D/A)
Number 
(E)
%  
(E/ A)
Number 
(F)
%  
(F/ A)
Permanent Workers*
Male
N. A
Female
Total
Other than Permanent Workers*
Male
N.A
Female
Total
  Note: *Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
 c.  Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than 
permanent) in the following format 
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well- being measures 
as a % of total revenue of the company
The company currently does not monitor its total cost incurred on well-being 
measures but rather has a department (Health & Wellness) internally which overlooks 
all the initiatives undertaken for the employees’ overall wellness. Additionally, the 
Company is in insurance sector and has initiated “Health for All Program” which not 
only cover physical health but awareness towards mental health as well.
The Company has undertaken training and workshops to emphasize the mental well-
being* of the employees. The Company has also provided group medical health policy, 
Health apps, health check-up camps for all the employees.
   Note: * Access our Mental Health & Well-being Policy at https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Star_Health_Mental_Health_and_Wellbeing_
Policy_19_Feb24_02f76e12eb.pdf
2. Details of retirement benefits.
 The company provides retirement benefits to its employees as following:
  •    Employees  are  enrolled  under  employees’  provident  fund  scheme  as  per  The  Employees’  Provident  Funds  and  Miscellaneous  
Provisions Act, 1952.
 •  The company provides gratuity benefits to its employees as per the provision of the Payment of the Gratuity Act, 1972.
Benefits
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers**
Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees*
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF100%N.AYes100%N.AYes
Gratuity100%N.AYes100%N.AYes
ESI16%N.AYes18%N.AYes
Others – please specify-N.AN.A-N.AN.A
  Note: *the values have been corrected and updated for FY 2024.
  ** Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
149

3.  Accessibility of workplaces: Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and 
workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps 
are being taken by the entity in this regard.
  Yes. office premises are equipped with ramps accessible to differently abled people, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with 
Disabilities Act, 2016.
  Star Health is firmly committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all. This commitment extends to individuals with special needs, 
who are valued members of the team and customers. Recognizing their diverse needs, Star Health’s office is designed with accessibility in 
mind. This includes features such as ramps for easy movement, wheelchair-accessible restrooms, and clear signage to ensure a comfortable 
and independent experience for everyone. The Company continuously strives to improve its inclusive efforts and believes that embracing 
diversity strengthens the Company and enriches the lives of its stakeholders.
4.  Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, 
provide a web-link to the policy.
  Star Health is dedicated to nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, guided by the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. Our Equal 
Employment Opportunity Policy along with our Human Rights Policy, champions equal opportunity and strictly prohibits discrimination 
based on age, gender, caste, race, religion, or disability. These policies empower individuals with disabilities and foster an environment 
where  all  employees  can  thrive  according  to  their  abilities.  Reinforced  by  our  ESG  Policy  and  Human  Rights  Statement,  Star  Health’s  
commitment to non-discrimination is unwavering.
    Access  our  Equal  Employment  Opportunity  Policy  at  https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Equal_Employment_Opportunity_
Policy_8d24eee04e.pdf   and   our   Human   Rights   Policy   at   https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/HRP_V1_Human_Rights_
Policy_9951d250f6.pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates* of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave:
Gender
Permanent employeesPermanent workers**
Return to work rateRetention rateReturn to work rateRetention rate
Male100%72%N.AN.A
Female72%72%N.AN.A
Total92%72%N.AN.A
  Note: *The return-to-work rate and retention rate is considered as per the SEBI’s Guidance Note for BRSR issued as Annexure II vide Circular dated 10
th
 
May 2021
 ** Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
6.  Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and 
workers? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Permanent workersEmployees are encouraged to address grievances by contacting in person or via email to their 
respective Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) at the Human Resource Department to address 
mechanism grievances of employees.
For reporting harassment, Star Health has established an Internal Committee (IC) that can be 
approached personally or through email at hr.grievance@starhealth.in. The company promotes 
an open-door culture, allowing employees direct access to senior management when needed. 
Star Health is committed to providing a supportive environment where concerns are addressed 
promptly and professionally, ensuring workplace harmony and compliance with ethical 
standards and human rights principles.
Access our Workplace Anti-Harassment Policy at https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/
Workplace_Anti_Harassment_Policy_1_d1f2043c0d.pdf
Other than permanent workers
Permanent employee
Other than permanent employee
7. Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity:
 There are no employee and worker association (s) recognized by the Company.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
150

8.  Details of training given to employees and workers**: 
Category
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Total (A)
On Health and 
Safety Measures
On Skill 
Upgradation
To t a l (D)
On Health and 
Safety Measures
On Skill 
Upgradation
No. (B)% (B/A)No. (C)% (C/A)No. (E)% (E/D)No. (F)% (F/D)
Permanent Employees
Male112901066894%11290100%1139511395100%11395100%
Female4508431196%4508100%44934493100%4493100%
Total157981497995%15798100%1588815888100%15888100%
Permanent Workers*
Male
N. AFemale
Total
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
  **The Company conducts various health and safety awareness campaigns via a multi-pronged framework. These include monthly trainings, fire drills, 
webinars by Doctors, webinars by experts on physical and mental wellness, road safety sessions etc. The Company’s skill upgradation programme 
consists of induction, regulatory, domain specific and behavioral programs conducted through instructor-led training and e-learning modules. It also 
includes skill upgradation via job rotation and changes provided to employees.
9. Details of performance and career development reviews# of employees and workers:
Category
FY 2024-25
Current Financial Year
FY 2023-24
Previous Financial Year
Total (A)No. (B)% (B/A)Total (C)No. (D)% (D/C)
Employees
Male113081080296%1139511395100%
Female4508425594%44934493100%
Total158161505795%1588815888100%
Permanent Workers*
Male
N. AFemale
Total
 Note: # All employees of the Company undergo an annual performance appraisal process as determined by the Company.
 * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
10. Health and safety management system:
 a.  Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ 
No). If yes, what is the coverage of such a system?
   Yes, Star Health is committed to health and safety management as a fundamental aspect of its operations, with an Occupational 
Health and Safety (OHS) Management System supported by our OHS Policy held at https://www.starhealth.in/investors/compliance-
in-other-areas/. The company conducts periodic evacuation drills and safety drills, adhering strictly to statutory norms. Additionally, 
periodic independent audits of safety systems are conducted.
   The company supports employees’ physical health and mental well-being by providing Mediclaim and other insurance covers. The 
Star Wellness App enhances employees’ access to healthcare facilities. At Star Health, the health and safety of employees is paramount. 
The company aims to foster a wellness culture that prioritizes workforce safety and well-being.
   Although the company’s day-to-day operations do not involve potentially hazardous or life-threatening activities, it recognizes the 
potential risks such as fire breakouts due to short circuits or natural calamities. To address these risks, the company conducts fire 
safety and emergency preparedness training and mock drills across its locations.
      Star  Health  has  also  organized  a  dedicated  Fire  &  Safety  Week  event  to  raise  awareness  and  promote  safety  practices  among  
employees. During this week, various activities and practices are carried out to enhance the safety culture within the organization. 
These may include:
  •  Evacuation Drills: Conducting mock drills to ensure that employees are familiar with evacuation procedures and emergency exits.
  • Safety Demonstrations: Demonstrations on the proper use of fire extinguishers and other safety equipment.
  • Safety Workshops: Workshops focusing on fire safety, hazard identification, and emergency response.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
151

  • Safety Competitions: Competitions to encourage active participation and reinforce safety practices.
  • Safety Awareness Campaigns: Campaigns to educate employees about potential hazards and ways to prevent accidents.
  • Mock Fire Scenarios: Simulating fire incidents to assess the effectiveness of emergency response plans.
      To  further  promote  employee  well-being,  Star  Health  offers  various  leaves,  including  privileged  leaves  for  new  joiners  during  
their  probation  period.  Additionally,  Star  Health’s  mental  wellbeing  helpline  reflects  its  commitment  to  supporting  employees’  
mental health.
      For  more  details,  the  OHS  Policy  can  be  accessed  at:  https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/OHS_Policy_ced3afb1a2.pdf and 
Workplace Mental Health & Wellbeing Policy at https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Star_Health_Mental_Health_and_Wellbeing_
Policy_19_Feb24_02f76e12eb.pdf.
 b.  What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis 
by the entity?
      To  identify  work-related  hazards  and  assess  risks,  facility  risk  assessment  is  conducted  proactively  to  identify,  prioritize  and  treat  
workplace hazards. Several other processes on both routine and non-routine bases are conducted aligning to the Hazard identification 
and  Risk  Assessment  program,  wherein  the  risks  involved  in  our  operations  or  activities  are  identified  and  control  measures  are  
implemented to eliminate or reduce the risk.
   Additionally, as a proactive approach, OHS Helpline number and departmental generic e-mail id has been created for employees to 
report incidents, near misses, and unsafe conditions. Awareness E-mailers are circulated frequently to update employees. Also, we 
encourage all employees to undergo annual health check-ups, with the costs covered by us. Thus, these measures help in maintaining 
a safe working environment and proactively managing potential risks.
 c.  Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from 
such risks.
   To maintain a safe work environment, Star Health implements a comprehensive communication channel for addressing workplace 
health and safety concerns. To strengthen employee access to Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) support, the Corporate OHS 
Team has introduced a dedicated 24x7 helpline.
   Additionally, a generic email ID has been created to enable streamlined and accessible communication. Key contact touchpoints 
have  been  prominently  displayed  across  all  facilities  to  enhance  visibility.  Regular  email  communications  are  being  circulated  to  
raise awareness among employees regarding these available support mechanisms.
 d.  Do the employees/ workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
   Yes, the Company focuses on employee well-being and safety by ensuring that 100% of its workforce is insured through group term 
life, health, and accident insurance plans, all accessible via the internal HR portal.
      Additionally  at  Star  Health,  employees  have  access  to  a  wide  range  of  non-occupational  medical  and  healthcare  services.  The  
company provides extensive benefits, resources, and crisis support to all employees and their families. This includes medical cost 
assistance, an employee assistance helpline, the Star Wellness App, Mediclaim insurance, support for mental wellness counseling 
and health consultations, health and accident insurance, sabbatical leave, and access to discounted medicines, health check-ups, 
and tests. These services ensure that employees and their families have access to comprehensive healthcare services, promoting a 
healthy and supportive work environment.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format: 
Safety Incident/NumberCategoryFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked)
Employee0.0270
WorkerN.AN.A
Total recordable work-related injuriesEmployee10
WorkerN.AN.A
No. of fatalitiesEmployee00
WorkerN.AN.A
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding 
fatalities)
Employee00
WorkerN.AN.A
 Note:* Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
152

12. Describe the measures taken by the company to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
    Star  Health  ensures  a  safe  and  healthy  workplace  through  its  Occupational  Health  and  Safety  Policy,  which  covers  risk,  incident,  and  
emergency  management,  along  with  consultation  and  communication  for  issue  resolution.  We  have  implemented  a  comprehensive  
health and safety management system, focusing on proactive measures to identify and mitigate risks, emergency preparedness, employee 
training, incident management, and ongoing improvement.
 Key Measures:
 •  Risk Identification and Control: Unsafe conditions and hazards are actively identified, evaluated, and prioritized. Control measures 
are recommended, implemented, and tracked for effectiveness. Periodical inspections ensure the operationality of emergency and 
firefighting equipment.
  •    Emergency  Preparedness:  Potential  emergencies  are  identified,  and  an  emergency  management  plan  and  protocol  are  in  place.  
Employees,  including  contractors,  receive  training  on  emergency  preparedness  and  relevant  safety  topics.  Emergency  response  
teams are prepared in corporate offices to handle emergencies effectively.
  •    Incident  Management:  Incidents,  accidents,  and  near  misses  are  recorded,  and  root  cause  analysis  is  conducted.  Corrective  and  
preventive actions are implemented and tracked for effectiveness to prevent recurrence.
 •  Safety Promotion and Awareness: Safety advisories are circulated, and safety promotional activities like National Fire Service Week 
are celebrated. Evacuation signage, caution signage, and emergency contact details are displayed for employee and visitor support.
 •  Key Performance Indicators (KPIs): Targets and KPIs are implemented to establish workplace safety and prevent incidents. KPI status 
is reviewed monthly with department heads to drive continuous improvement.
 Employee Wellness Initiatives:
 •  Star Health Insurance Company Limited places a high priority on the health, safety, and well-being of its employees. We offer various 
employee wellness initiatives, including health check-ups services through App, health risk assessments, and medical insurance.
 •  We provide personal accident and life covers, an employee assistance helpline, and access to doctors and other emergency and 
ambulance services.
 •  Our internal app, Star customer App designed for customers, is available to all employees for free, offering health risk analysis, doctor 
consultations, and mental wellness counseling.
 Employee Feedback and Benefits:
 • We regularly seek feedback from employees to identify gaps and devise new programs related to physical health and mental wellbeing.
 •  Employees receive benefits such as health and accident insurance, Mediclaim insurance, parental leaves, fertility leave, retirement 
benefits, sabbatical leave, and earned (privilege) leave.
 •  Star Health Insurance Company Limited is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. We continuously 
update  our  systems,  policies,  and  processes  to  adapt  to  the  evolving  work  environment  and  adhere  to  all  applicable  laws  and  
regulations.  Our  comprehensive  health  and  safety  management  system  and  employee  wellness  initiatives  demonstrate  our  
commitment to prioritizing the health and well-being of our employees.
13. Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Category
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions00N.A00N.A
Health & Safety00N.A00N.A
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
153

14. Assessments for the year:
  Star Health is committed to maintaining a safe, clean, and respectful work environment that upholds employee dignity. To achieve this, 
the company conducts regular assessments of its offices, assessing health, safety, and working conditions.
Aspect
% Of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or 
third parties)
Health and safety practicesAll seven Corporate Offices (100%) underwent comprehensive third-party audits. Additionally, 
our internal team audited 140 branch offices, verifying risk and safety protocols.
The Internal Audit team also conducted numerous branch offices visits to confirm adherence 
to minimum safety requirements. It was established that all the assessed offices maintained 
complete OHS related documentation, in accordance with the requirement under OHS Policy & 
Manual, and provided regular training to all employees, including field officers.
Working Conditions
15.    Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on 
significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
  As a major key concern, risks related to fire hazards have been identified and basis the corrective actions were undertaken. In order to 
prevent fire incidents, we focused on implementing advanced engineering controls so that any failure in the circuit can be diagnosed 
in  the  early  stage  and  is  controlled  before  it  can  cause  any  damage.  Preventive  maintenance  program  of  critical  equipment  was  also  
undertaken to further strengthen device health and prevent any hazards. 
Leadership Indicators
1.  Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees 
(Y/N) (B) Workers* (Y/N).-
  Yes, the Company prioritizes the financial security of the families of deceased employees by offering comprehensive safeguards through 
its  Group  Term  Insurance  for  all  employees.  Additionally,  benefits  such  as  the  Provident  Fund,  Gratuity,  and  Employee  State  Insurance  
Corporation (ESIC) are processed and settled promptly, ensuring adherence to relevant legal provisions.
 Note:* Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
2.  Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited 
by the value chain partners
  Yes, we have a Supplier Code of Conduct on which confirmation from the value chain partner is obtained at the time of onboarding and 
subsequently, on a quarterly / periodic basis. Further, we do regular audits as mentioned in our agreements with the value chain partners, 
which talks about conducting audits for the services being provided including their books, logs, information.
3.  Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work related injury / ill-health / 
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Category
Total no. of affected employees/ workers
No. of employees/workers that are 
rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have 
been placed in suitable employment
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Employee0000
Worker*N.AN.AN.AN.A
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
4.  Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the 
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
 No. During the reporting period there has been no retirement from the Company.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Category
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed
Health and safety practicesStar Health initiated the process of its vendor assessment in FY 2025. The Company has considered a 
sample of 100 hospital network partners and has conducted E&S Screening. The assessment focused 
on key E&S aspects including health and safety practices, grievance redressal mechanisms, labour 
conditions, and environmental compliance across the sample assets.
Working Conditions
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
154

6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from 
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
 Not Applicable, as only screening has been conducted and not detailed assessment.
Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
    Star  Health  understands  the  importance  of  strong  stakeholder  relationships  for  achieving  long-term  success.  This  includes  customers,  
communities,  employees,  investors,  shareholders,  regulators,  and  value  chain  partners  (suppliers,  hospitals).  For  us  stakeholders  are  
classified based on their interest, impact, and participation in the company’s operations, as well as their engagement on environmental, 
social, and governance matters. To foster these relationships, Star Health follows its Stakeholder Engagement Plan developed as part of its 
overarching Environment & Social Management System (ESMS) Manual, which promotes fair and consistent practices. The plan identifies 
key stakeholders and ensures regular, tailored engagement to address their needs.
    The  Company  has  a  comprehensive  stakeholder  engagement  to  assess  the  impact  and  influence  of  various  groups  on  its  business  
operations, and in turn, the Company’s impact on them. The Company leverages established channels for active engagement with these 
stakeholders. We actively listen to concerns, seeks mutually beneficial solutions, and implement corrective actions when necessary.
  By engaging collaboratively, Star Health aims to co-create a sustainable and responsible future. We engage with stakeholders through 
various established communication channels for advocacy and interaction.
2.  List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder 
group:
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group 
 
(Yes/No)
Channels of communication (Email, 
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website), Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
CustomersYes, if they 
qualify based 
on specified 
criteria such 
as income, 
gender
Etc.
1.  Customer surveys (NPS) and feedback
2.  Digital / Electronic-Mobile App, 
website, email, SMS, customer care
3.  Physical- Branches, notice board, 
pamphlets, personal visits, letters
4.  Claims Support – Through dedicated 
agents for services related to sales, 
service, and claims processes on 
digital platform
5.  Grievances – email, website link, 
dedicated GRO
Frequent and need-
based
1.  Designing products from the 
customers’ perspective.
2.  Throughout the lifecycle of all 
products and services, timely assist 
and support clients and resolve any 
problems they may encounter.
3.  Creating enduring relationships 
based on trust
4.  Account management and ensuring 
customer protection by data privacy 
and security
KMP & 
Employees
No1.  Annual 360 surveys
2.  Intranet or Internal Company Website, 
In-person meetings, Appraisal 
process, Training Programs and 
Workshops, Wellness, and counselling 
sessions
3.  Direct Interactions through various 
channels, including emails, executive 
sessions, written communications, 
and learning and development 
initiatives.
4.  Idea portal, Suggestion box.
5.  Townhall and strategic meetings
Frequent and need-
based
1.  To provide chances for professional 
growth and to provide a secure and 
inclusive work environment for staff 
members
2.  To promote a healthy work 
atmosphere, evaluate performance, 
and offer chances for training and 
growth.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
155

Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group 
 
(Yes/No)
Channels of communication (Email, 
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website), Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Investors & 
Shareholders
No1.  Annual General Meeting (AGM) and 
Management meetings.
2.  Investor communication through 
annual reports and presentations
3.  Investor calls and roadshows
Quarterly1.  Adherence to all applicable laws and 
rules.
2.  Provide updates on financial 
performance, talk about strategic 
plans, and seek feedback and 
suggestions from shareholders.
3.  To guarantee aligning with investor 
expectations and the Company’s 
business plan, look for strategic 
inputs.
RegulatorsNo1.  Mandatory filings with key regulators
2.  Written Correspondence, Regular & 
direct engagement through e-mail, 
phone calls, meetings, online portal.
3.  Discussions, committees, and 
discussion papers, participation in 
regulatory meetings, forums
4.  Representation  filings
Frequent and need-
based
1.  To make sure adherence to all 
relevant laws and regulations
2.  In order to secure the required 
approvals and inspections
3.  To request clarifications, carry out 
regulatory inspections, reply to 
inquiries, and handle concerns.
4.  To make a positive contribution to 
regulatory decision-making that 
could influence Star Health and its 
customers.
CommunityNo
1.
              Interactions with NGOs, focus group 
discussions etc.
2.
              Other ways of engagement include 
community surveys and feedback 
mechanisms, Email, phone Calls, 
meetings
3.
              Field visits / field work
Annually1.  To adopt a proactive and inclusive 
approach in engaging the 
community in decision-making, 
paying heed to the needs of the 
community with thorough analysis 
of their feedback and tailoring future 
endeavors of Star Health to meet their 
unique requirements and incorporate 
their valuable suggestions.
2.  To foster the sustainable 
development of communities 
through ongoing involvement.
3.  Explore community feedback and 
address concerns.
4.  Encourage the effective promotion of 
Star Health’s core values.
5.  Raise awareness to meet social 
responsibilities for the less privileged 
population. This includes initiatives 
related to customer education, 
energy conservation, water 
preservation, and responsible waste 
disposal and recycling.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
156

Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group 
 
(Yes/No)
Channels of communication (Email, 
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website), Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Channel 
partners, 
hospitals and 
distributors/ 
Vendors
No1. Through Annual Reports
2. Dealer engagement meets, trainings, 
company policy /
process communication, periodical meets / 
conferences
Frequent and need-
based
1.  To guarantee the effective execution 
of daily business operations.
2.  Exchange of technical know-how as 
required
3.  To improve access to and 
comprehension of relevant products 
and services
4.  To elevate awareness and 
consideration of Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) factors 
within the organization.
5.  Ethical, transparent, and enduring 
business relationships.
Future 
Generation
No1.Harnessing the urgency of environmental 
and social crises through responsible 
business practices
Continuous1.  To Explore possibilities arising from 
the urgent demand to address 
environmental and social challenges
2.  Advocating for the advancement 
of environmentally responsible 
businesses.
3.  To build a financially inclusive future 
and promote financial literacy by 
organizing educational sessions 
for the younger generation by 
partnering with financial institutions 
and educators to develop age-
appropriate financial education 
programs for early years, primary 
school, and beyond.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and 
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how feedback from such consultations is provided to the Board.
    At  Star  Health,  we  engage  actively  with  stakeholders  to  effectively  communicate  our  strategies  and  achievements.  Committed  to  
integrating economic, environmental, and social considerations, we have established two dedicated committees: the CSR Committee 
and the ESG Committee.
  To enhance our ESG initiatives, we have partnered with leading experts for providing services, including policy reviews, capacity building, 
carbon emission calculations, and ESG data preparation.
    Our  Board  of  Directors  and  statutory  committees  receive  regular  updates  on  economic,  environmental,  and  social  issues,  ensuring  
informed leadership.
2.  Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and 
social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the input received from stakeholders on these 
topics were incorporated into the policies and activities of the entity.
  Yes, stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental and social topics. The Company has 
conducted comprehensive stakeholder engagement to understand the key priority ESG material topics for its business and stakeholders. 
The Company has aligned its ESG framework to manage the identified priority topics.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
157

  The Company has also proactively established various policies and internal systems to manage and disclose the strategy on priority topics 
(such as Human Rights Policy, Workplace Harassment Policy, Code of Conduct for Suppliers & Vendors). Furthermore, it has aligned its ESG 
framework to effectively address these priorities.
  Additionally, it has established strong communication channels to maintain ongoing engagement with stakeholders, including a grievance 
redressal mechanism for capturing feedback and concerns. These efforts underscore the Company’s commitment to being a responsible 
business entity.
  Also to align internally, the Company has a process of periodic updates on ESG initiatives and progress to ESG Committee ensuring that 
stakeholder inputs are integrated into our policies and activities.
3.  Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ 
marginalized stakeholder groups.
    Star  Health  is  deeply  committed  to  Health  &  Wellness  and  is  working  towards  aligning  this  social  objective  to  their  Corporate  Social  
Responsibility. The Company actively collaborates with communities through tailored initiatives, attentively listening to their needs and 
developing customized solutions to foster financial participation and empowerment.
  Star Health acknowledges the crucial role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in promoting sustainable development. We leverage 
our expertise and reach to carry out our CSR programs and to implement impactful social and economic development programs. These 
programs focus on rural areas, education and healthcare.
  The Company’s CSR project Star Arogya Digi Seva aimed at benefiting individuals from low economic backgrounds by addressing non-
communicable diseases in vulnerable communities across 74 villages in the states of Tamil Nadu & Andhra Pradesh and raising awareness 
on health seeking behavior to save lives.
  This comprehensive approach ensures that Star Health’s positive impact extends beyond financial products and services, embracing the 
holistic well-being of communities and the environment.
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicators
1.  Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in 
the following format:
Category
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Total (A)
No. of employees 
/ workers covered 
(B)
% (B/A)Total (C)
No. of employees 
/ workers covered 
(D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent1579815798100%1588815888100%
Other than permanent1818100%2525100%
Total Employees1581615816100%1591315913100%
Workers*
Permanent
N. AOther than permanent
Total Workers
 Note: *Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
158

2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format
Category
FY2024-25FY-2023-24
Total 
(A)
Equal to 
Minimum Wage
More than 
minimum Wage
To t a l 
(D)
Equal to 
Minimum Wage
More than 
minimum wage
No. (B)%(B/A)No.(C)%(C/A)No.(E)%(E/D)No.(F)%(F/D)
Employees
Permanent
Male11290
N.A**
11290100%11395
N.A
11395100%
Female45084508100%44934493100%
Other than Permanent
Male18
N.A
18100%22
N.A
22100%
Female000%11100%
Workers*
Permanent
N. A
Male
Female
Other than Permanent
 Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
  ** All employees are compensated at rates exceeding the minimum wage, and the values for FY 2023-2024 have therefore been adjusted accordingly.
3. a. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
  Median remuneration / wages
Category
MaleFemale
Number
Median remuneration/ 
salary/ wages of 
respective category
Number
Median remuneration/ 
salary/ wages of 
respective category
Board of Directors (BoD)----
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)33136339923890071
Employees other than BoD and KMP113046168584506491182
WorkersN.A
  Note: * Star Health does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI.
 b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2024-25*FY 2023-24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages22.55%N.A
   Note: *It is prudent to note that this number is calculated based on the actual gross salary paid till 31 March, 2025, YTD, from the date of joining of 
each employee.
4.  Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues 
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
  Yes, Star Health has Human Rights Policy through which Star Health has established a focal point for addressing human rights impacts 
and issues at both the board and executive levels. At the board level, the Human Rights Policy and related aspects are recommended and 
approved by the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee. At the executive level, the Human Resources (HR) department 
follows the procedures outlined in the human rights and whistleblower policy, which includes addressing HR-related matters. This multi-
tiered approach ensures a comprehensive framework for managing human rights issues within the organization.
  Employees are encouraged to address grievances by contacting them in person or via email to their respective Grievance Redressal Officer 
(GRO) at the Human Resource Department to address mechanism grievances of employees.
 Human Rights Policy can be accessed at https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/HRP_V1_Human_Rights_Policy_9951d250f6.pdf
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
  We are driving an open-door culture where employees can directly approach senior management if they feel necessary. In case of any 
grievances, the employees can reach out to their respective HR team either in person or via mail to seek solutions. We have a dedicated 
GRO at the Human Resource Department to address mechanism grievances of employees.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
159

  For reporting harassment, Star Health has established an Internal Committee (IC) that can be approached personally or through email at 
hr.grievance@starhealth.in. The company promotes an open-door culture, allowing employees direct access to senior management when 
needed. Star Health is committed to providing a supportive environment where concerns are addressed promptly and professionally, 
ensuring workplace harmony and compliance with ethical standards and human rights principles.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Aspect
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Filed 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Filed 
during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment93N.A50N.A
Discrimination at workplace00N.A00N.A
Child Labour00N.A00N.A
Forced Labour/ Involuntary Labour00N.A00N.A
Wages00N.A00N.A
Other human rights related issues00N.A00N.A
7.  Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
95
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers0.20.11
Complaints on POSH upheld20
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
  Star Health aims to create a safe and inclusive environment for all employees. We have a policy of zero tolerance towards any type of 
harassment / discrimination, especially any harassment towards female employees.
    The  Company  conducts  regular  check-ins  with  staff  to  ensure  that  no  form  of  harassment  occurs.  Moreover,  training  sessions  on  the  
Prevention  of  Sexual  Harassment  (POSH)  have  been  implemented  to  sensitize  teams.  The  Company  has  instituted  several  safeguards,  
including  the  Equal  Employment  Opportunity  Policy,  the  Human  Rights  Policy,  and  the  Workplace  Harassment  (POSH)  Policy  and  
Committee, to ensure comprehensive oversight. While 9 (FY 2025) incidents of harassment have been reported within Star Health, the 
Company maintains robust internal guidelines that guarantee any such cases will be addressed promptly and effectively. In the unfortunate 
event of a complaint, the utmost protection will be afforded to the complainant, and any acts of wrongdoing will be dealt with severely.
 Additionally, there is a disciplinary Authority & an Appellate Authority to decide on Complaints of a serious nature for taking appropriate action.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
  Yes, Star Health incorporates human rights requirements within its business agreements and contracts. This includes adherence to the 
principles  outlined  in  our  ESG  Policy,  Human  Rights  policy  as  well  as  Supplier  Code  of  Conduct.  Additionally,  Star  Health  retains  the  
provision to audit their records to ensure compliance thus ensuring that all partners align with our commitment to human rights and 
ethical business conduct.
10. Assessments of the year
Aspects
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or 
third parties)
Child labor
100% of offices were assessed as part of Human Rights Assessment (FY 2024) and corrective 
time-bound actions were provided. Now, the Company is now in process of conducting human 
rights due diligence to understand the status of suggested corrective action plan and companies’ 
responsiveness to human rights concerns
Forced labor
Sexual harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Others – please specify
11.    Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from 
the assessments at Question 10 above.
 Refer above.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
160

Leadership Indicators 
1.  Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/
complaints.
  The company strives to support and promote human rights to ensure that ethical business practices are followed. The company ensures 
responsible and responsive communication towards all its stakeholders through their human rights policy, code of conduct, whistle-blower, 
anti-fraud, insider trading, sexual harassment and anti-money laundering policies.
  Additionally, the Company has conducted Human Rights Assessment across its operational offices and primary supply chain vendors to 
understand the underlying human rights issues and baseline alignment to national human rights legal regime and international safeguards 
(United Nations Guiding Principles on Business & Human Rights) with detailed assessment and time-bound remediation action plan. The 
Company is now in the process of conducting human rights due diligence to understand the status of suggested corrective action plan 
and companies responsiveness to human rights concerns.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted
 Refer above
3.  Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of 
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
  Star Health is focused on creating an inclusive environment for everyone, including individuals with special needs, who are important 
members of our team and customer community. Our offices are designed to be accessible, with features like ramps, wheelchair-accessible 
restrooms, and clear signage to ensure comfort and independence for all. We are always working on improving our inclusive efforts because 
we believe that embracing diversity makes our company stronger and enriches the lives of our stakeholders.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Human rights
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed
Sexual Harassment
Star Health initiated the process of its vendor assessment in FY 2025. The Company has 
considered a sample of 100 hospital network partners and has conducted E&S Screening. 
The assessment focused on key E&S aspects including health and safety practices, grievance 
redressal mechanisms, labour conditions, and environmental compliance across the sample 
assets
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others – please specify
5.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from 
the assessments at Question 4 above.
 Not Applicable, as only screening has been conducted and not detailed assessment
Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity:
ParameterUnitFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
From renewable sources (in gigajoules)
Total electricity consumption (A)GJ3960.530
Total fuel consumption (B)GJ00
Energy consumption through other sources (C)GJ00
Total energy consumption from renewable sources 
(A+B+C) (GJ)
GJ3960.53#0
From non - renewable sources (in gigajoules)
Total electricity consumption (D)GJ36278.39**37386.1
Total fuel consumption (E)GJ472.560
Energy consumption through other sources (F)GJ00
Total energy consumption from non - renewable sources 
(D+E+F) (GJ)
GJ36750.9537386.1
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
161

ParameterUnitFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Total energy consumption (A+B+C+D+E+F) (GJ)*GJ40711.4937386.1
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total energy consumption in GJ/ turnover in rupees in crores)
GJ/Cr (`)
2.422.45
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) ***
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted 
for PPP)
GJ/Cr (`)
0.120.11
Energy intensity in terms of physical outputN. AN. A
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be 
selected by the entity
-N. AN. A
  Note: # Assumed that all units are in kWh. Increase in the energy consumption data for FY 2025 is due to reporting of renewable and non-renewable 
energy consumption across 655 branches.
  * Energy consumption figures for FY 2023-24 and FY2024-25 have been recalculated using conversion factors from the Energy Statistics 2023 report 
published by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MoSPI), instead of DEFRA (Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, 
UK) to ensure comparability
  **Only bill amount was provided for Karnataka (53 branches), Andhra Pradesh and Telangana (68 branches). Therefore, we considered average per unit 
cost in India (` 15) to calculate the total electricity consumption (assumed in units).
 ***PPP has been taken 20.66 provided by IMF. https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. - No
2.  Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve 
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT  
scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
 Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water
ParameterUnitFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface waterKL00
(ii)      GroundwaterKL00
(iii) Third party water*KL1711343057
(iv) Seawater / desalinated waterKL00
(v)      OthersKL00
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters) (i + ii + iii 
+ iv + v)
KL1711343057
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)KL1711343057
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / 
turnover)
KL/Cr (`)10.19 KL/crore `0.20 KL/crore `
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for 
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)**
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations 
adjusted for PPP)
KL/Cr (`)0.49 KL/crore `0.008 KL/crore `
Water intensity in terms of physical output
KL/mn (`)/
stores
N.AN.A
Water intensity (optional)– the relevant metric may be 
selected by the entity
-N.AN.A
  Note: *Since the company is not involved in manufacturing operations, its water usage is limited to the purpose of domestic consumption only. Increase 
in the water consumption data for FY 2025 is due to reporting of water consumption (drinking & sanitary usage) across 417 branches compared to 398 
branches in FY 2024 (only for drinking usage)
 **PPP has been taken 20.66 provided by IMF. https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. - No
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
162

4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
ParameterUnitFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)*
(i) Surface waterKL--
No treatmentKL--
With treatment – please specify the level of treatmentKL--
(ii) Ground waterKL--
No treatmentKL--
With treatment – please specify the level of treatmentKL--
(iii) Sea waterKL--
No treatmentKL--
With treatment – please specify the level of treatmentKL--
(iv) Sent to third partiesKL--
No treatmentKL--
With treatment – please specify the level of treatmentKL--
(v)      OthersKL--
No treatmentKL--
With treatment – please specify the level of treatmentKL--
Total water discharged (in kiloliters)KL--
  *Star Health has three sewage treatment plants across three branches with a cumulative capacity of ~600 KLD. However, monitoring for wastewater 
discharge is currently not feasible as the branches are located in the shared commercial premises.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. - No
5.  Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation.
          No
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
ParameterUnitFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
NOxμg/m3
Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this 
question is not applicable / material to the 
Company
SOxμg/m3
Particulate matter (PM 10)μg/m3
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)tones/annum
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)tones/annum
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)tones/annum
Others – Process Emission (HCL)mg/Nm3
Acid Mistmg/Nm3
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. – Not Applicable
7.  Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions)* & its intensity, in the following 
format:
ParameterUnitFY2024-25FY2023-24
Scope 1Metric tons of CO2 
equivalent
0.008**0.008**
Scope 2Metric tons of CO2 
equivalent
8159.27#7435.7***
TotalMetric tons ofCO2 
equivalent
8159.277435.7
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnoverMetric tonnes of CO2 
eq/crore (`)
0.480.48
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of 
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP) ##
Metric tonnes of CO2 
eq/crore (`)
0.0250.024***
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
163

ParameterUnitFY2024-25FY2023-24
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of 
physical output
tc02/(`)/store
N.AN.A
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
N.AN.A
            Note:
  * GHG emissions for FY 2023-24 have been calculated using the IPCC Emissions Factor Database instead of DEFRA, as recommended by the Industry 
Standards Note on BRSR Core, to ensure methodological consistency and comparability.
  ** Emissions calculations are based on fugitive emissions only from fire extinguishers across all offices. Other sources of fugitive emissions such as 
owned vehicular emission are not included in the calculations as they are yet maintained by the Company. The increase in the emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
data for FY 2025 is due to an increase in the branches considered from 655 compared to 398 in FY 2024.
  *** Scope 2 emissions FY2023-24 are based on energy consumption data from office spaces (398) where such information is available. The value for Total 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity for FY 24 has been corrected.
  # Scope 2 emissions for FY2024–25 are calculated based on energy consumption data—both renewable and non-renewable—as well as diesel usage 
from office locations where such data is available
 ## PPP has been taken 20.66 provided by IMF. https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency. - No
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Greenhouse Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
  While the company is actively developing concrete sustainability initiatives, we have already made progress by tracking and inventorization 
of GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 (selected)) across our offices. Additionally, we are consuming renewable energy (only for corporate 
office), this enables us to source a portion of our electricity from renewable energy providers and promotes cleaner energy consumption. 
By  integrating  this  approach  into  our  operations,  we  are  taking  proactive  steps  towards  environmental  responsibility  while  laying  the  
foundation for more comprehensive sustainability measures in the future.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
ParameterFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Total Waste generated (in metric tons)*
Plastic waste (A)00
E-waste (B)16.340
Bio-medical waste (C)00
Construction and demolition waste (D)00
Battery waste (E)00
Radioactive waste (F)00
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G)00
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H).**00
Dry- waste857.400
Organic Waste239.280
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)1113.030
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / 
Revenue from operations)
0.070
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power 
Parity (PPP) #
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.0030
Waste intensity in terms of physical outputN.AN.A
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the 
entity
N.AN.A
  Note: *The company currently tracks dry waste, wet waste and electronic waste. Limited waste (such as plastic, e-waste, other non-hazardous wastes, 
battery wastes) generated across all the offices have been disposed of through municipal/local bodies. Offices are disposing waste generated in 
accordance with the specific guidelines under Building Management Systems (BMS). Star Health has set up a waste management system of waste 
segregation (green and blue bins) and disposal across all its office spaces (corporate & zonal offices).
 **The waste generation data is for the 417 branches.
 ## PPP has been taken 20.66 provided by IMF. https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
164

For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations 
(in metric tons)
CategoryFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
(i)       Recycled*NilNil
(ii)      Re-usedNilNil
(iii) Other recovery operationsNilNil
TotalNilNil
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tons)
Category of wasteFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
(i)       Incineration:NilNil
(ii)      LandfillingNilNil
(iii) Other disposal operations**NilNil
TotalNilNil
  Note: *The Company has buy-back mechanism to manage its E-waste & Battery waste. The company’s Corporate Office uses FSC certified paper 
products for printing and is slowly introducing the initiative across its branches. Star Health has digitized core processes, with over 80% of policies sold 
digitally to reduce paper consumption.
  Note: ** Wastes generated from office operations (dry & wet waste) are managed through respective Municipal Corporations across 417 office locations.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of 
the external agency. - No
10.    Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy 
adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and 
the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
  As a health insurance services provider, Star Health does not generate hazardous or chemical waste in any of its operations. However, 
the  Company  is  committed  to  implementing  comprehensive  waste  management  practices  across  all  its  establishments  to  minimize  
environmental impact. The primary types of waste we manage include biodegradable wastes such as organic wastes, solid wastes (such 
as cardboard, furniture), plastic, paper, and e-wastes.
  We prioritize waste collection and segregation, ensuring that most of our office spaces, whether rented, leased, or owned, fall under the 
Building Management System (BMS). This system collects and disposes waste in accordance with the requirements and supervision of 
respective local government bodies and municipalities.
  Additionally, the Company has initiated the segregation and quantification of waste generated. We are also actively working on initiatives 
to reduce waste generation, reinforcing our commitment to environmental sustainability.
11.    If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife 
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where 
environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details:
 Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company.
12.    Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in 
the current financial year:
  Given the nature of Star Health’s business, this question is not applicable / material to the Company.
13.    Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection 
act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
Serial Number
Specify the law 
/ regulation / 
guidelines which was 
not complied with
Provide details of 
the noncompliance
Any fines / penalties / 
action taken by regulatory 
agencies such as pollution 
control boards or by courts
Corrective taken, if 
any action
Star Health is in compliance with all applicable environmental norms.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
165

Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
 For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
 (i) Name of the area:
 (ii) Nature of operations:
 (iii) Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in the following format:
ParameterFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface waterGiven the nature of Star Health’s business, this 
question is not applicable / material to the 
Company.
(ii)      Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v)      Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters)
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover)
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
(i) To Surface waterGiven the nature of Star Health’s business, this 
question is not applicable / material to the 
Company.
• No treatment
• With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(ii) To Groundwater
• No treatment
• With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) To Sea Water
• No treatment
• With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties
• No treatment
• With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v)      Others
• No treatment
• With treatment
Total water discharged (in kiloliters)
   Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
                    Not          Applicable
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
ParameterUnitFY 2024-25**FY 2023-24*
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into 
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of CO2 equivalent2209.131505
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnoverMetric tons of CO2 equivalent0.13160.09
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – 
the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Metric tons of CO2 equivalent--
  Note: *Scope 3 emission for FY2023-24 includes calculation includes Category 6: Business travel (air) and Category 2: Capital goods (IT related assets).
  **Scope 3 emission for FY2024-25 includes calculation for Category 6: Business travel (air, train and cab) and Category 2: Capital goods (IT assets, furniture 
assets, electrical equipment’s, wood and of products of wood and cork, except furniture; articles of straw and plaiting materials, Buildings and building 
construction works, machinery and equipment N.E.C. and telecommunications services) hence resulted in increased emission reported for FY 2025.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency. – Not Applicable
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
166

3.  With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide 
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention 
and remediation activities.
 Not Applicable as Star Health does not have offices in ecologically sensitive areas.
4.  If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve 
resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide 
details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
S. NoInitiative undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-
link, if any, may be provided 
along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
1In alignment with Star Health’s commitment to 
sustainability, our Chennai Corporate Office has 
achieved the prestigious Indian Green Building 
Council (IGBC) ‘Platinum’ rating for Green Interiors. This 
recognition reflects our commitment to sustainable 
practices and energy-efficient infrastructure.
N.ANot measured
2To demonstrates the effective monitoring and 
optimization of energy use, we have implemented 
Energy Management Systems at two of our branches, 
that saved 886 energy units and reduced CO₂ emissions 
by 807 kg.
N.Asaved 886 energy units and 
reduced CO₂ emissions by 
807 kg.
3We are sourcing a portion of our electricity from 
renewable energy providers for our corporate office to 
promote cleaner energy consumption.
N.A3960.53 GJ
4We have reduced our cost for water usage by 68% 
(corporate office) and processed 16,343 kg of electronic 
waste during the FY 2024-25. Additionally, single-use 
plastics have been eliminated across all our operations.
N.Areduced cost for water usage 
by 68% (corporate office) & 
processed 16.343 Tonnes of 
electronic waste
5Star Health has digitized core processes, with over 80% 
of policies sold digitally to reduce paper consumption.
Also, till date we have planted 19,239 trees across 
various locations, supporting over 100 farmers.
N.AN.A
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
  Star Health implements a comprehensive Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) Framework (ISO:22301 certified) designed to 
protect its operations and ensure compliance with regulatory standards. The company proactively anticipates disruptive events, assesses 
their potential impact, and implements preventative measures through its Business Impact Analysis (BIA), Recovery Time Objectives (RTO) 
and Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) for critical services as part of crisis management. Additionally, RPO also provides critical information 
on data backup, recovery, business resumption, administration, organizational responsibilities, emergency response, operations, training, 
awareness, and testing.
  This approach ensures a swift and seamless response to emergencies, minimizing downtime and protecting essential business functions. 
The  Company’s  commitment  to  resilience  is  further  demonstrated  through  its  BCM  plans  which  are  tested  semi-annually  or  annually,  
depending on the criticality of the function which collectively fortify its ability to maintain operations during disruptions.
 Please refer to the article for further details - https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/exercising-resilience-star-healths-94frc/?trackingId=
6.  Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What 
mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard?
 No issues identified during FY 2024-25.
  Star Health collaborates with suppliers who align with our commitment to environmental and social responsibility. The company expects 
these partners to consistently adhere to relevant environmental laws, regulations, and company policies across all regions in which they 
operate or deliver products and services, ensuring shared values and compliance throughout the supply chain. The Company has Code 
Of Conduct for Suppliers / Vendors which entails the responsible ethical conduct such as aspects related to human rights, Environment 
Health & Safety, Anti-money laundering & anti-bribery along with regular internal checks and incident reporting.
  For more details, the Code Of Conduct for Suppliers / Vendors is available at: https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Code_of_Conduct_
for_Suppliers_Vendors_d0d90281c8.pdf
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
167

7.  Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for 
environmental impacts.
  Star Health initiated the process of its vendor assessment in FY 2025. The Company has considered a sample of 100 hospital network 
partners and has conducted E&S Screening. The assessment focused on key E&S aspects including health and safety practices, grievance 
redressal mechanisms, labour conditions, and environmental compliance across the sample assets.
8. How many green credits have been generated or procured:
  a. By the listed entity: Star Health has neither procured nor generated any green credit during the year.
 b. By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners: Not ascertained.
Principle 7 Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
  The Company is an affiliated member of three trade and industry chambers/associations as mentioned below in table (1b).
 b.  List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such a 
body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
Sl. No.
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ 
associations
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations (State/National)
1Confederation of Indian IndustryNational
2Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and IndustryNational
3General Insurance CouncilNational
2.  Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the 
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
  No issues identified during FY 2024-25. The Company has maintained a strong record of compliance with regulatory authorities, as there 
have been no orders received regarding allegations of anti-competitive conduct.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
  The Managing Director of the Company forms part of the General Insurance Council where common interest is ensured. Company officials 
are  also  part  of  certain  committees  of  the  Insurance  Regulatory  and  Development  Authority  of  India  (IRDAI).  Members  of  the  senior  
management of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited are associated with various committees constituted by the regulator 
and industry bodies from time to time, including for the purpose of legislating regulations related to corporate governance.
Principle 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
Essential Indicators
1.  Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year.
 No project was required to be assessed for their impact during the year under the regulatory requirement.
2.  Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken 
by your entity, in the following format:
 Given the nature of Star Health’s business & CSR activities, this question is not applicable / material to the Company.
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
  Star Health upholds a strong CSR and Whistleblower Policy, providing a confidential and accessible platform for stakeholders to report 
ethical concerns, including fraud, bribery, and corruption. This policy encourages external parties such as vendors, customers, and the 
public to report any misconduct.
    While  external  concerns  are  welcomed,  Star  Health  understands  the  importance  of  independent  channel  &  investigations  to  ensure  
objectivity. The Company aspire to establish a separate channel for any formal registration & resolution of the grievances. This approach 
reinforces  Star  Health’s  commitment  to  ethical  conduct  and  transparency.  By  offering  a  secure  reporting  channel,  Star  Health  aims  to  
maintain high ethical standards and accountability.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
168

  For more details, the CSR and Whistleblower Policy is available at: https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Corporate_Social_Responsibility_
Policy_ea3c53aa5e.pdf and https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/whistle_blower_policy_4261d78742.pdf
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2024-25FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
None*
Sourced directly within India
                      Note: * We exclusively source our materials from India and have established partnerships with Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) for the 
provision of supplies such as stationery, drinking water cans, air conditioning units, and electrical appliances. However, we do not monitor our materials 
input as of now.
5.  Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers 
employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage 
cost.
LocationFY 2024-25*FY 2023-24
Rural306-
Semi-urban920-
Urban2844-
Metropolitan11746-
 Note: *The data provided in the above table is the headcount of employees.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact 
Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
 No project was required to be assessed for their impact during the year under the regulatory requirement.
2.  Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts 
as identified by government bodies:
S. NoStateAspirational District
Amount spent (in `)
1Andhra Pradesh•         Vijyanagaram
•         Srikakulam
•         Anakaplli
•         Visakhapatnam
1,67,97,616
2Tamil Nadu•         Ramanathapuram
•         Pudukkottai
•         Trichy
•         Chennai
3. (a)     Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers 
comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
                    Not          Applicable
 (b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
                    Not          Applicable
 (c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
                    Not          Applicable
4.  Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in 
the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
 Not Applicable. The Company does not derive any benefits from intellectual properties owned or acquired based on traditional knowledge.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
169

5.  Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related 
disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
 Not Applicable
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
  Star Health acknowledges the crucial role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in promoting sustainable development. We leverage 
our expertise and reach to carry out our CSR programs and to implement impactful social and economic development programs. These 
programs focus on strengthening rural healthcare.
    In  FY25,  Star  Health  turnover  CSR  budget  was  more  than  one  crore  (`  >1  Cr.)  and  our  CSR  efforts  were  focused  on  healthcare  as  a  
thematic area through mobile health units delivering services on teleconsultation, screening of non-communicable diseases and general 
medical camps.
S. NoCSR Project
No. of persons benefited 
from CSR Projects
% Of beneficiaries from vulnerable and 
marginalized groups
1Star Arogya Digi Seva - 5 Mobile Health 
Units (MHUs)
29,926100%
Principle 9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
  Star Health is committed to the values of transparency and integrity in policyholder interactions through a robust Grievance Redressal 
Procedure, which easily allows them to file complaints and provide feedback. Policyholders’ grievances are addressed promptly through 
a structure process (3 tier approach) for timely updates and resolutions. To enhance responsiveness and satisfaction, Star Health utilizes 
digital  platforms,  social  media  and  direct  communication  channels  through  telecommunication  and  physical  support  via  designated  
Grievance Redressal Officer at regional & zonal level.
    Star  Health  is  compliant  with  the  clause  under  the  Protection  of  Policyholders  Interests  Regulations-  2017,  wherein  a  complainant  
who wishes to make a complaint against Star Health, or its Intermediary/ distribution channel involved in Insurance sales and services 
approaches the Grievance Redressal Officer. As part of the Grievance Redressal System/Procedure, Star Health has centralized established 
IT controls and procedure for receiving, registering and disposing of grievances in each of their offices. The grievances are recorded in a 
varied range from telecommunications/written letter/online app/e-mail. Additionally, Star Health goes an extra mile to keep the window 
open for any dissatisfaction related to grievance handling and responses received and have provision of providing contact of insurance 
ombudsman (as per jurisdiction) to take up the matter further.
    For  Star  Health,  it’s  an  ethical  responsibility  and  to  further  support  their  commitment  to  ethical  practices  are  reinforced  with  other  
supporting policies and procedures such as the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which includes a reporting mechanism detailed 
on Anti-Bribery and anti-corruption policy.
    More  details  about  the  policy  &  procedure  can  be  accessed  (https://www.starhealth.in/grievance-redressal/  -  Star  Health  Grievance  
Redressal  Mechanism, https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Anti_Bribery_Anti_Corruption_Policy_734fc2070e.pdf  -  Anti-Bribery  and  
Anti-Corruption Policy)
2.  Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products / service that carry information 
about:
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the productGiven the nature of Star Health’s business, this 
question is not applicable / material to the company.
Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or Safe Disposal
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
170

3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2024-25
Remarks
FY 2023-24
Remarks
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
end of year
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
end of year
Data privacy*00N.A00N.A
Advertising0000
Cyber-security0000
Delivery of essential services0000
Restrictive Trade Practices0000
Unfair Trade Practices0000
Others000**0
  Note* A total of 125 customer enquiries were recorded related to Data Privacy (FY 2024-25), out of which 124 were received via email and 1 through 
telecommunication.
  **Last year, the figures provided represented the total number of recorded grievances; these have since been updated to reflect the corrected values.
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
AspectNumberReason for Recall
Voluntary recall /Mock recallN.AN.A
Forced recallN.AN.A
5.  Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If 
available, provide a web-link of the policy.
  Yes, Star Health has established a comprehensive policy framework for Cyber Security Policy, which is designed to safeguard customer data 
and mitigate cyber risks. Our approach to data privacy is outlined in the privacy policy, is extended to all customers and users of their website 
along with associated services and products provided by Star Health. Furthermore, Star Health has a structured internal system aligned 
to IRDAI cyber-security requirements and international ISO standards, ISO:27001:2022 for information security management systems.
 Star Health policy framework includes regular audits and updates to ensure compliance with cybersecurity standards.
  Our risk management strategy includes proactive measures such as regular security assessments, penetration testing, and employee training 
to identify and address vulnerabilities. Advanced security technologies and encryption methods are utilized to safeguard sensitive data. 
Additionally, incident response plans are in place to minimize the impact of potential breaches, ensuring swift containment and recovery.
  More details about the policy can be accessed at https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Employee_s_Responsibilities_under_Information_
and_Cyber_Security_Policy_fcd68a4170.pdf
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of 
essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; 
penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
  Yes, Star Health has a comprehensive framework and policy in place to address cyber security and data privacy risks. Our approach to data 
privacy is outlined in the privacy policy, which is applicable to all customers of Star Health and users of our website along with associated 
services and products provided by Star Health. The detailed policy can be accessed through the following link: https://www.starhealth.
in/privacy-policy/ and https://d28c6jni2fmamz.cloudfront.net/Cyber_Security_website_22_10_24_ff126125c7.pdf.
  Furthermore, we have structured information and cyber security frameworks aimed at ensuring security and data privacy throughout our 
organization. Our policies are authorized by the Board and align with IRDAI cyber-security requirements and international ISO standards, 
ISO/IEC:27001:2022 for information security management systems. To address potential threats, we employ technological, and process 
controls consistent with leading cyber security guidelines and IRDAI mandates. Our proactive approach includes regular evaluation and 
implementation of security technologies and solutions based on a risk-based assessment.
  Additionally, independent internal auditors monitor the administration, application, and efficacy of our cybers security policy. Moreover, an 
annual Independent Assurance Audit conducted by a competent third-party assesses the adequacy of our policies in meeting regulatory 
requirements. Recognizing the evolving nature of cyber threats, we acknowledge that cybersecurity vulnerability poses a significant risk 
to our digital infrastructure and data. Our risk management strategy includes proactive measures such as regular security assessments, 
penetration testing, and employee training to identify and address vulnerabilities. Advanced security technologies and encryption methods 
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
171

are utilized to safeguard sensitive data. Additionally, incident response plans are in place to minimize the impact of potential breaches, 
ensuring  swift  containment  and  recovery.  Our  commitment  to  addressing  cybersecurity  risks  is  demonstrated  by  our  ISO/IEC:27001  
certification. By integrating cybersecurity risk assessment into our overall management.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
 a.  Number of instances of data breaches - We want to emphasize that our operations are fully intact, and our services are proceeding 
without any interruption.
 b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers- 0.005%
  c.    Impact,  if  any,  of  the  data  breaches-  We  want  to  emphasize  that  our  operations  are  fully  intact,  and  our  services  are  proceeding  
without any interruption. 
Leadership Indicators
1.  Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web 
link, if available).
  Star Health aspires to be the health insurance partner that empowers its customers to take control of their health and coherent insurance 
experience anytime, anywhere. The Company is building a seamless omnichannel where customers can engage, transact, and receive 
service conveniently, online or offline.
 More details can be found on the company website - https://www.starhealth.in/
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
    The  company  adheres  to  all  disclosure  requirements  concerning  its  services.  To  prioritize  customer  safety,  the  company  proactively  
communicates through its website and newsletters to educate and guide customers on protecting themselves against financial frauds.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
  The company has established a communication mechanism to proactively inform customers about branch relocations or closures. In the 
event of natural calamities, customers receive communications offering assistance with claim processing and promoting various touch 
points for faster and convenient claims processing in multiple languages.
4.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? 
(Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief.
 Not Applicable.
5.  Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / 
services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
    Yes.  The  company  receives  customer  feedback  from  its  external  stakeholders  and  interested  parties  such  as  clients,  on-field  insurance  
partners to measure customer satisfaction and arrive at a quantitative measure. The Company carries out surveys regarding consumer 
satisfaction relating to the major services.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
172

To
The Members of
Star Health And Allied Insurance Company Limited
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OPINION
We  have  audited  the  accompanying  financial  statements  of  Star  
Health  And  Allied  Insurance  Company  Limited  (“the  Company”),  
which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Revenue 
Accounts, the Profit and Loss Account and the Receipts and Payments 
Account  for  the  year  then  ended,  the  schedules  annexed  there  to  
and  notes  to  the  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  the  
significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes forming 
part of the financial statements (herein after referred to as “Financial 
Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid financial statements give 
the  information  required  by  provisions  of  the  Insurance  Act,  1938,  
as  amended  by  the  Insurance  Laws  (Amendment)  Act,  2015  (the  
“Insurance  Act”)  read  with  Insurance  Regulatory  and  Development  
Authority Act, 1999 (the “IRDAI Act”), and other accounting principles 
generally  accepted  in  India,  to  the  extent  considered  relevant  and  
appropriate  for  the  purpose  of  these  annual  financial  statements  
and  which  are  not  inconsistent  with  the  accounting  principles  as  
prescribed in the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority 
of  India  (Actuarial,  Finance  and  Investment  Functions  of  Insurers)  
Regulations, 2024 (the “IRDA Financial Statement Regulations”) and 
orders/ directions / circulars issued by the Insurance Regulatory and 
Development  Authority  of  India  (“IRDAI”/  the  “Authority”),  to  the  
extent  applicable  and  the  Companies  Act,  2013,  as  amended,  (‘the  
Act’)  to  the  extent  applicable  and  in  the  manner  so  required,  and  
give true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, as applicable to insurance companies:
i.     in  the  case  of  the  Balance  Sheet,  of  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  
Company as at March 31, 2025;
Independent Auditors’ Report
ii.  in the case of the Revenue Accounts, of the operating profit in 
the Miscellaneous business for year ended on that date;
iii.  in the case of the Profit and Loss Account, of the profit for the 
year ended on that date; and
iv.       in  the  case  of  the  Receipts  and  Payments  Account,  of  the  
receipts and payments for the year ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We  conducted  our  audit  of  the  financial  statement  in  accordance  
with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) 
of  the  Act.  Our  responsibilities  under  those  Standards  are  further  
described  in  the  ‘Auditors’  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  
Financial  Statements’  section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  
the Company in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the 
ethical  requirements  that  are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the  financial  
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  
provide a basis for our opinion on the financial statements.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  
judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the  financial  
statements of the current period and include the most significant risks 
identified by us that may lead to material misstatement (whether or 
not due to fraud) and assessed by us as part of the audit procedures. 
These matters included those which had the greatest effect on the 
overall  audit  strategy,  the  allocation  of  resources  in  the  audit  and  
directing the efforts of the engagement team.
These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
173

We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr. No.Key Audit MattersAuditors’ Response
Information Technology Systems and Controls (IT Controls):
1.The  Company  is  highly  dependent  on  its  information  
technology (‘IT’) systems for
carrying  out  its  operations  and  due  to  the  large  volume  
of  transactions  that  are  processed  daily  across  multiple  
IT  systems,  there  exists  a  potential  risk  that  gaps  in  the  
IT   control   environment   could   result   in   the   financial   
accounting and reporting records being misstated.
The   controls   implemented   by   the   Company   in   its   
IT    environment    determine    the    integrity,    accuracy,    
completeness,  and  validity  of  the  data  that  is  processed  
by  the  applications  and  is  ultimately  used  for  financial  
reporting.  These  controls  contribute  to  mitigating  risk  of  
potential misstatements caused by fraud or error.
On account of the extensive use of IT systems across varied 
phases  of  business,  the  testing  with  respect  to  general  
computer  controls  of  the  IT  systems  used  in  financial  
reporting was identified to be a key audit matter.
The audit procedures performed by us included the following:
n
    We  have  involved  our  IT  specialists  in  the  assessment  of  IT  
systems and controls over financial reporting
n
    Involved  IT  specialists  as  part  of  the  audit  for  the  purpose  
of  testing  the  IT  general  controls  and  application  controls  
(automated and semi-automated controls) to determine the 
accuracy  of  the  information  produced  by  the  Company’s  IT  
systems.;
n
  Obtained an understanding of the Company’s IT applications, 
databases   and   operating   systems   relevant   to   financial   
reporting    and    the    control    environment,    including    an    
understanding  of  the  process,  mapping  of  applications  and  
understanding  financial  risks  posed  by  people-process  and  
technology.
n
  Tested design and operating effectiveness of key controls over 
user  access  management,  change  management,  program  
development, computer operations;
n
    Performed  procedures  for  a  selected  group  of  key  controls  
over  financial  and  reporting  system  to  determine  that  these  
controls   remained   unchanged   during   the   year   or   were   
changed   following   the   standard   change   management   
process.
n
    Tested  key  automated  and  manual  business  cycle  controls  
including  testing  of  alternate  procedures  to  assess  risks  that  
would materially impact the financial statements.
Claim settlement:
2
n
 Claims are a significant expense for the Company
n
  Provisioning of Outstanding Claims including Claims 
Incurred   but   Not   Reported   (IBNR)   and   Incurred   
but  Not  Enough  Reported  (IBNER)  are  significant  
in  magnitude  and  requires  use  of  judgements  and  
estimates
n
    With  regards  to  the  claims  provision,  the  Company  
makes  a  provision  for  claims  upon  intimation,  on  
receipt   of   documents,   communication   from   co-
insurer  leader  in  cases  of  incoming  co-insurance  
business etc. The estimates undergo a revision based 
on  further  information  and  the  settlement  amount  
could vary from the provision created
n
    The  estimate  of  the  claim  involves  a  high  degree  of  
judgement
Our audit procedures included the following:
n
  We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls 
around the due and intimated claims recording process.
n
      Assessed   and   tested   the   operating   effectiveness   of   key   
controls  relating  to  the  claims  handling  process,  including  
controls   over   completeness   and   accuracy   of   the   claim   
outstanding recorded.
n
    Tested  on  a  sample  basis,  claims  paid,  and  provision  created  
with   payment   proof,   claim   intimation   documents   and   
communication  from  co-insurer  leader  in  cases  of  incoming  
co-insurance  business,  which  are  material  to  assess  whether  
claims are appropriately paid, estimated and recorded.
n
    Tested  the  arithmetical  accuracy  of  computation  of  claims  
provision performed by the Company.
n
  The actuarial valuation of liability in respect of Claims Incurred 
but Not Reported (IBNR) and those Incurred but Not Enough 
Reported (IBNER) is as certified by the Company’s Appointed 
Actuary and we have relied upon on the appointed actuary’s 
certificate in this regard.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
174

INFORMATION    OTHER    THAN    THE    FINANCIAL    
STATEMENTS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT THEREON
The  Company’s  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the  other  
information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information  
included  in  the  Director’s  Report  and  Annexures  there  to  but  does  
not include the Financial Statements and our Auditors’ report thereon. 
The other information is expected to be made available to us after the 
date of this auditor’s report thereon.
Our  opinion  on  the  financial  statements  does  not  cover  the  
other  information  and  we  do  not  express  any  form  of  assurance  
conclusion thereon.
In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements,  our  
responsibility  is  to  read  the  other  information  when  it  becomes  
available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is 
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITY   OF   MANAGEMENT   AND   THOSE   
CHARGED  WITH  GOVERNANCE  FOR  THE  FINANCIAL  
STATEMENTS
The  Company’s  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the  matters  
stated  in  section  134(5)  of  the  Act  with  respect  to  the  preparation  
of  these  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  
financial  position,  financial  performance  and  cash  flows  of  the  
Company  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  the  Insurance  
Act,  the  IRDAI  Act,  the  IRDAI  Financial  Statements  Regulations,  the  
Act  and  in  accordance  with  the  accounting  principles  generally  
accepted  in  India,  including  the  applicable  Accounting  Standards  
specified under Section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued 
thereunder. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate  accounting  policies;  making  judgments  and  estimates  
that  are  reasonable  and  prudent;  and  design,  implementation  and  
maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial  controls,  that  were  
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  management  is  responsible  
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  management  either  
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The  Board  of  Directors  are  also  responsible  for  overseeing  the  
company’s financial reporting process.
AUDITORS’  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, 
whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors’  report  that  
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
SAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  
Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered  
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
n
    Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  
financial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  design  
and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  
obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  
provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  
material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  
internal control.
n
    Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in  the  circumstances.  Under  section  143(3)(i)  of  the  Act,  we  
are  also  responsible  for  expressing  our  opinion  on  whether  
the  Company  has  adequate  internal  financial  controls  system  
with  reference  to  Financial  Statements  and  the  operating  
effectiveness of such controls.
n
    Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  
and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and  related  
disclosures made by management.
n
    Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  management’s  use  of  
the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  and,  based  on  the  
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to 
draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures 
in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditors’  report.  
However, future events or conditions may cause the Company 
to cease to continue as a going concern.
n
  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the 
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality  is  the  magnitude  of  misstatements  in  the  Financial  
Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that 
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
175

the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the 
Financial  Statements  may  be  influenced.  We  consider  quantitative  
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit 
work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the 
effect of any identified misstatements in the Financial Statements.
We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  
among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  
and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  
in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a  statement  
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  
and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  
governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most  
significance  in  the  audit  of  the  financial  statements  for  the  year  
ended March 31, 2025 and are therefore, the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be  
communicated  in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest benefits of such communication.
OTHER MATTER
Pursuant to IRDAI (Appointed Actuary) Regulations 2017, the actuarial 
valuation of liabilities in respect of claims Incurred But Not Reported 
(“IBNR”),  claims  Incurred  But  Not  Enough  Reported  (“IBNER”)  and  
Premium Deficiency Reserve (“PDR”) as at March 31, 2025, has been 
duly  certified  by  the  Appointed  Actuary.  They  have  also  certified  
that  assumptions  used  for  such  valuation  are  appropriate  and  in  
accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and 
the  Institute  of  Actuaries  of  India  in  concurrence  with  the  IRDAI.  
Accordingly,  we  have  relied  upon  the  aforesaid  certificate  from  
the  Appointed  Actuary  while  forming  our  opinion  on  the  financial  
statements of the Company.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of above matter.
REPORT    ON    OTHER    LEGAL    AND    REGULATORY    
REQUIREMENTS
1.  As required by the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations, we 
have issued a separate certificate dated April 29, 2025 certifying 
the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Part III to the IRDAI 
Financial Statements Regulations.
2.    This Report does not include a statement on the matters specified 
in paragraph 3 and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2016  (“the  Order”)  issued  by  the  Central  Government  of  India  
in  terms  of  sub-section  11  of  Section  143  of  the  Act,  since  in  
our opinion and according to the information and explanations 
given to us, the said Order is not applicable to the Company.
3.    As required by IRDA Financial Statements Regulations, read with 
Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
  a.      We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information  and  
explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge  and  
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
 b.     In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our  examination  of  those  books  except  for  the  matters  
stated in the paragraph k (vii) below on reporting under 
Rule 11(g);
   c.        As   the   Company’s   financial   accounting   system   is   
centralized at Head Office, no returns for the purposes of 
our audit are prepared at the branches of the Company;
 d.  The Balance Sheet, the Revenue Accounts, the Profit and 
Loss  Account,  and  the  Receipts  and  Payments  Account  
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books 
of account;
  e.      In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  
according  to  the  explanations  given  to  us,  investments  
have been valued in accordance with the provisions of the 
Insurance Act the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations 
and / or orders / directions/circulars/guidelines issued by 
the IRDAI in this behalf;
  f.     In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  
according  to  the  explanations  given  to  us,  the  aforesaid  
financial statements dealt with by this report comply with 
the Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of 
the  Act  to  the  extent  they  are  not  inconsistent  with  the  
accounting  principles  prescribed  in  the  IRDAI  Financial  
Statements  Regulations  and  orders/directions  issued  by  
IRDAI in this regard;
  g.      In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  
according to the explanations given to us, the accounting 
policies selected by the Company are appropriate and are 
in  compliance  with  the  Accounting  Standards  specified  
under Section 133 of the Act, to the extent they are not 
inconsistent with the accounting principles prescribed in 
the  IRDAI  Financial  Statements  Regulations  and  orders  /  
directions issued by the IRDAI in this behalf;
 h.  On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors as on March 31, 2025, taken on records by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
 i.  As required by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017, in 
our  opinion,  according  to  information  and  explanations  
given  to  us,  the  remuneration  paid/  provided  by  the  
Company  to  its  directors  during  the  year  is  within  the  
limits prescribed under section 197 of the Act read with 
Section 34A of the Insurance Act, 1938;
  j.     With  respect  to  the  adequacy  of  the  internal  financial  
controls  with  reference  to  financial  statements  of  the  
Company  and  the  operating  effectiveness  of  such  
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
176

controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” to 
this  report.  Our  report  expresses  an  unmodified  opinion  
on the existence of internal financial control with reference 
to financial statements and its operating effectiveness in 
the company.
  k.      With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included  in  
the  Auditors’  Report  in  accordance  with  Rule  11  of  the  
Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules,  2014,  in  our  
opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
  i.  The Company has disclosed the impact of pending 
litigations  on  its  financial  position  in  its  financial  
statements - Refer Note 5.1.1 of Schedule 16 to the 
financial statements;
    ii.      Liability  for  insurance  contracts,  is  determined  
by  the  Company’s  Actuary  referred  to  in  Other  
Matter paragraph above, on which we have placed 
reliance; and the Company did not have any other 
long-term  contracts  including  derivative  contracts  
for  which  there  were  any  material  foreseeable  
losses  -  Refer  Note  5.2.16  of  Schedule  16  to  the  
financial statements;
    iii.       There  are  no  amounts  which  are  required  to  be  
transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company.
    iv.     (a)        The  Management  has  represented  that,  to  
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or in the 
aggregate)  have  been  advanced  or  loaned  
or  invested  (either  from  borrowed  funds  or  
share  premium  or  any  other  sources  or  kind  
of  funds)  by  the  Company  to  or  in  any  other  
person  or  entity,  including  foreign  entity  
(“Intermediaries”),  with  the  understanding,  
whether  recorded  in  writing  or  otherwise,  
that   the   Intermediary   shall,   whether,   
directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other  
persons  or  entities  identified  in  any  manner  
whatsoever  by  or  on  behalf  of  the  Company  
(“Ultimate   Beneficiaries”)   or   provide   any   
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
                      (b)       The  Management  has  represented,  that,  to  
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which  are  material  either  individually  or  in  
the  aggregate)  have  been  received  by  the  
Company from any person or entity, including 
foreign  entity  (“Funding  Parties”),  with  the  
understanding,  whether  recorded  in  writing  
or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly  or  indirectly,  lend  or  invest  in  other  
persons  or  entities  identified  in  any  manner  
whatsoever  by  or  on  behalf  of  the  Funding  
Party  (“Ultimate  Beneficiaries”)  or  provide  any  
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered  reasonable  and  appropriate  in  
the  circumstances,  nothing  has  come  to  our  
notice  that  has  caused  us  to  believe  that  the  
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
  v.    The Company has not declared or paid any dividend 
during  the  year  and  accordingly  no  compliance  
with respect to section 123 of the Act is required to 
be followed.
    vi.       The  reservation  relating  to  the  maintenance  of  
accounts  and  other  matters  connected  therewith  
are as stated in paragraph 3(b) above on reporting 
under  Section  143(3)(b)  and  paragraph  3(k)(vii)  
below on reporting under Rule 11(g).
    vii.       Based  on  our  examination,  which  included  test  
checks, the Company has used accounting software 
for  maintaining  its  books  of  account  which  has  a  
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the  same  has  operated  throughout  the  year  for  
all  relevant  transactions  recorded  in  the  software.  
Further, during the course of our audit, we did not 
come across any instance of audit trail feature being 
tampered  with.  Additionally,  the  audit  trail  of  prior  
year has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention, except 
for SAP HANA where there is no SOC Type II report 
available  to  provide  us  comfort  as  to  whether  the  
Audit trail feature is available, enabled and preserved 
throughout the year.
For M S K A & AssociatesFor T R Chadha & Co LLP
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No: 105047WICAI Firm Registration No: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala
PartnerPartner
Membership No: 138302Membership No: 235031
UDIN: 25138302BNUIEY1901
Chennai
April 29, 2025
UDIN: 25235031BMNRBF8166
Chennai
April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
177

REPORT  ON  THE  INTERNAL  FINANCIAL  CONTROLS  
UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 
OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (THE “ACT”)
1.  We have audited the internal financial controls with reference 
to  financial  statements  of  Star  Health  and  Allied  Insurance  
Company  Limited  (“the  Company”)  as  of  March  31,  2025  in  
conjunction  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  
Company for the year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT’S   RESPONSIBILITY   FOR   INTERNAL   
FINANCIAL CONTROLS
2.      The  Company’s  Management  is  responsible  for  establishing  
and  maintaining  internal  financial  controls  based  on  the  
internal  control  with  reference  to  financial  statements  criteria  
established  by  the  Company  considering  the  essential  
components  of  internal  control  stated  in  the  Guidance  Note  
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of  India  
(ICAI) (the “Guidance Note”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial  controls  that  were  operating  effectively  for  ensuring  
the  orderly  and  efficient  conduct  of  its  business,  including  
adherence  to  Company’s  policies,  the  safeguarding  of  its  
assets,  the  prevention  and  detection  of  frauds  and  errors,  the  
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under  the  Act  including  the  provisions  of  the  Insurance  Act,  
1938  as  amended  by  the  Insurance  Laws  (Amendment)  Act,  
2015  (the  “Insurance  Act”),  the  Insurance  Regulatory  and  
Development  Authority  Act,  1999  (the  “IRDA  Act”),  the  IRDA  
Financial  Statements  Regulations,  orders/directions  issued  by  
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India 
(the “IRDAI”) in this regard.
AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
3.      Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company’s  
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with 
the  Guidance  Note  issued  by  the  ICAI  and  the  Standards  on  
Auditing deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Act,  to  the  extent  applicable  to  an  audit  of  internal  financial  
controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that 
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
4.      Our  audit  involves  performing  procedures  to  obtain  audit  
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
OF EVEN DATE ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
(Referred to in paragraph 3(j) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ of the Independent Auditors’ Report of even date to 
the members of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited on the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025)
with  reference  to  financial  statements  and  their  operating  
effectiveness.  Our  audit  of  internal  financial  controls  with  
reference  to  financial  statements  included  obtaining  an  
understanding  of  internal  financial  controls  with  reference  to  
financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists,  and  testing  and  evaluating  the  design  and  operating  
effectiveness  of  internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk.  
The  procedures  selected  depend  on  the  auditor’s  judgment,  
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
5.    We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  audit  opinion  on  
the  Company’s  internal  financial  controls  with  reference  to  
financial statements.
MEANING  OF  INTERNAL  FINANCIAL  CONTROLS  WITH  
REFERENCE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
6.    A company’s internal financial control with reference to financial 
statements  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  
assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  
company’s internal financial control with reference to financial 
statements  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of 
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  
of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  
authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
INHERENT   LIMITATIONS   OF   INTERNAL   FINANCIAL   
CONTROLS    WITH    REFERENCE    TO    FINANCIAL    
STATEMENTS
7.  Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to Financial Statements, including the possibility 
of  collusion  or  improper  management  override  of  controls,  
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial  controls  with  reference  to  financial  statements  to  
future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial 
control  with  reference  to  financial  statements  may  become  
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
178

OPINION
8.  In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements and such internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements were operating effectively as 
at March, 31, 2025, based on the internal control with reference 
to  financial  statements  criteria  established  by  the  Company  
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
OTHER MATTERS
9.      Pursuant  to  IRDAI  (Appointed  Actuary)  Regulations  2017,  the  
actuarial  valuation  of  liabilities  in  respect  of  claims  Incurred  
But  Not  Reported  (“IBNR”),  claims  Incurred  But  Not  Enough  
Reported (“IBNER”) and Premium Deficiency Reserve (“PDR”) as 
at  March  31,  2025,  has  been  duly  certified  by  the  Appointed  
Actuary. They have also certified that assumptions used for such 
valuation are appropriate and in accordance with the guidelines 
and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of 
India in concurrence with the IRDAI. We have relied upon the 
aforesaid certificate while forming our opinion on the financial 
statements  of  the  Company  as  mentioned  in  Other  Matter  
paragraph in our Audit Report on the financial statements for 
the year ended March 31, 2025. Accordingly, our opinion on the 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements 
does  not  include  reporting  on  the  adequacy  and  operating  
effectiveness  of  the  internal  controls  over  the  valuation  and  
accuracy of the aforesaid actuarial liabilities.
 Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.
For M S K A & AssociatesFor T R Chadha & Co LLP
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No: 105047WICAI Firm Registration No: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala
PartnerPartner
Membership No: 138302Membership No: 235031
UDIN: 25138302BNUIEY1901
Chennai
April 29, 2025
UDIN: 25235031BMNRBF8166
Chennai
April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
179

Independent Auditors’ Certificate
To
The Members of
Star Health And Allied Insurance Company Limited
(Referred to in paragraph 1 of “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements”  forming  part  of  the  Independent  Auditors’  Report  
dated April 29, 2025)
This certificate is issued to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 
3 and 4 of Part III: Auditor’s Report of the Insurance Regulatory and 
Development Authority of India (Actuarial, Finance and Investment 
Functions  of  Insurers)  Regulations,  2024  (the  “Regulations”)  to  be  
read master circular.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY
The  Management  is  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the  Company  
complies  with  the  requirements  of  The  Insurance  Act,  1938  
as  amended  by  Insurance  Laws  (Amendment)  Act,  2015  (the  
“Insurance  Act”),  the  Insurance  Regulatory  and  Development  
Authority Act, 1999 (the “IRDA Act”), and other accounting principles 
generally  accepted  in  India,  to  the  extent  considered  relevant  
and  appropriate  for  the  purpose  of  the  annual  financial  result  
and  which  are  not  inconsistent  with  the  accounting  principles  as  
prescribed in the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority 
of  India  (Actuarial,  Finance  and  Investment  Functions  of  Insurers)  
Regulations, 2024 (the “IRDA Financial Statement Regulations”) and 
orders/  directions  /  circulars  issued  by  the  Insurance  Regulatory  
and Development Authority of India (“IRDA”/ the “Authority”), to the 
extent applicable, which includes preparation of the Management 
Report.  The  responsibility  includes  collecting,  collating,  validating  
data, designing, implementing and monitoring of internal controls 
relevant  for  ensuring  compliance  as  stated  above  and  provide  
all  relevant  information  to  IRDAI  and  making  estimates  that  are  
reasonable in the circumstances
AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
Pursuant to the requirements of the Regulations, our responsibility, 
for the purpose of this certificate, is to provide reasonable assurance 
on  matters  contained  in  paragraphs  10  of  Schedule  II,  read  with  
Master Circular, of the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations.
We have performed the following procedures: -
a)      Reviewed  the  management  report  attached  to  the  financial  
statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, to ensure that 
there is no apparent mistake or material inconsistency with the 
financial statements;
b)  We have verified the cash balances, to the extent considered 
necessary, and securities relating to the Company’s loans and 
investments  as  at  March  31,  2025,  by  actual  inspection  or  
on  the  basis  of  certificates/  confirmations  received  from  the  
Custodian  and/or  Depository  Participants  appointed  by  the  
Company, as the case may be;
c)      Read  the  compliance  certificate  submitted  to  the  Board  of  
Directors; and
d) Relied on Management representation;
 • that the Company is not a trustee of any trust; and
 •  that no part of the assets of the policyholder’s funds has 
been directly or indirectly applied in contravention to the 
provisions of the Insurance Act relating to the application 
and investments of the policyholder’s funds.
We have audited the financial statements of the Company as of and 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, on which we issued an 
unmodified audit opinion vide our reports dated April 29, 2025. Our 
audit  of  these  financial  statements  was  conducted  in  accordance  
with the Standards on Auditing as prescribed under Section 143(10) 
of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  and  other  applicable  authoritative  
pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”). Those Standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial 
statements  are  free  from  material  misstatement.  Our  audits  were  
not  planned  and  performed  in  connection  with  any  transactions  
to identify matters that may be of potential interest to third parties.
We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) 
issued  by  the  ICAI,  which  includes  the  concepts  of  test  checks  
and  materiality.  The  Guidance  Note  requires  that  we  comply  with  
the  ethical  requirements  of  the  Code  of  Ethics  issued  by  the  ICAI.  
We  have  not  performed  an  audit,  the  objective  of  which  would  
be  the  expression  of  an  opinion  on  the  financial  statements,  
specified  elements,  accounts  or  items  thereof,  for  the  purpose  of  
this Certificate.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the 
Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that 
Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and 
Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements issued by ICAI.
OPINION
Based  on  our  examination,  as  above,  the  information  and  
explanations and representation given to us, we certify that:
1.    We  have  reviewed  the  Management  Report  attached  to  the  
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, and 
on the basis of our review, there are no apparent mistakes or 
material inconsistencies with the financial statements;
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
180

2.  The Company has complied with the terms and conditions of 
registration as per sub section 4 of section 3 of the Insurance 
Act, 1938;
3.      We  have  reviewed  the  cash  balances  and  cheques  on  hand  
from  the  certificate  and  confirmations  provided  by  the  
management and securities relating to Company’s loans and 
investments as at March 31, 2025, by actual inspection and on 
the basis of certificates/confirmations received from the third 
parties/Custodians and/Depository Participants appointed by 
the Company, as the case may be;
4. The Company is not a trustee of any trust; and
5.      No  part  of  the  assets  of  the  Policyholders’  Funds  has  
been  directly  or  indirectly  applied  in  contravention  of  the  
provisions of the Insurance Act, relating to the application and 
investments of the Policyholders’ Funds.
RESTRICTION ON USE
This  certificate  is  issued  at  the  request  of  the  Company  solely  for  
use of the Company for inclusion in the annual accounts in order 
to comply with the provisions of paragraph 3 and 4 of Schedule C 
of  Part  III  of  the  IRDAI  Financial  Statements  Regulations  read  with  
Regulation 3 of the IRDAI Financial Statements Regulations and is 
not  intended  for  and  should  not  be  used  for  any  other  purpose.  
without  our  prior  consent.  Auditors’  shall  not  be  liable  to  the  
Company  or  to  any  other  concerned  for  any  claims,  liabilities  or  
expenses relating to this assignment. We have no responsibility to 
update this certificate for events and circumstances occurring after 
the date of this certificate. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume 
any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other 
person to whom this Certificate is shown or into whose hands it may 
come without our prior consent in writing.
For M S K A & Associates                                                                       For          TR Chadha & Co LLP
Chartered          Accountants                                                                      Chartered          Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No: 105047W         ICAI Firm Registration No: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav           Naik                                                                                                   Sheshu           Samudrala
Partner                                                                                                    Partner
Membership          No:          138302                                                                      Membership          No:          235031
UDIN:          25138302BNUIFA8266                                                            UDIN:          25235031BMNRBH2639
Chennai                                                                                                    Chennai
April          29,          2025                                                                                          April          29,          2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
181

Form B - RA
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Revenue Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
FIRE BUSINESS
(` in lakhs)
S
No
ParticularsSchedule
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1Premiums earned (Net)1 A - -
2Profit/ (Loss) on sale/redemption of Investments - -
3Interest, Dividend & Rent – (Gross) - -
4 Other
(a) Other Income
 (i) Foreign Exchange gain / (loss) - -
(b) Contribution from Shareholders' Account
 (i) Towards excess Expense of Management - -
 (ii) Towards remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD/Other KMPs - -
TOTAL (A) - -
5Claims Incurred (Net)2 A - -
6Commission3 A - -
7Operating Expenses related to Insurance Business4 - -
8Premium Deficiency - -
TOTAL (B) - -
Operating Profit/(Loss) from Fire Business C= (A - B) - -
APPROPRIATIONS
Transfer to Shareholders’ Account - -
Transfer to Catastrophe Reserve - -
Transfer to Other Reserves - -
TOTAL (C)
Significant accounting policies & Notes to financial statements16
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
182

Form B - RA
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Revenue Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
MARINE BUSINESS
(` in lakhs)
S
No
ParticularsSchedule
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1Premiums earned (Net)1 B - -
2Profit/ (Loss) on sale/redemption of Investments - -
3Interest, Dividend & Rent – (Gross) - -
4Other
(a) Other Income
 (i) Foreign Exchange gain / (loss) - -
(b) Contribution from Shareholders' Account
 (i) Towards excess Expense of Management - -
 (ii) Towards remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD/Other KMPs - -
TOTAL (A) - -
5Claims Incurred (Net)2 B - -
6Commission3 B - -
7Operating Expenses related to Insurance Business4 - -
8Premium Deficiency - -
TOTAL (B) - -
Operating Profit/(Loss) from Marine Business C= (A - B) - -
APPROPRIATIONS
Transfer to Shareholders’ Account - -
Transfer to Catastrophe Reserve - -
Transfer to Other Reserves - -
TOTAL (C)
Significant accounting policies & Notes to financial statements16
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
183

Form B - RA
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Revenue Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS
(` in lakhs)
S
No
Particulars
 Schedule 
Ref.
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1Premiums earned (Net) 1 D 1,482,220 1,293,827
2Profit/ (Loss) on sale/redemption of Investments 9,846 4,992
3Interest, Dividend & Rent - (Gross) (Refer Note-1) 66,707 59,017
4Other
(a)  Other Income
 (i)  Foreign Exchange gain / (loss) 83 -
(b)  Contribution from Shareholders' Account
 (i) Towards excess Expense of Management - -
 (ii) Towards remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD/Other KMPs 546 192
     (iii)     Others - -
TOTAL (A) 1,559,402 1,358,029
5Claims Incurred (Net) 2 D 1,041,937 859,396
6Commission 3 D 224,072 185,964
7Operating Expenses related to Insurance Business 4 254,061 239,536
8Premium Deficiency - -
TOTAL (B) 1,520,070 1,284,895
9Operating Profit/(Loss) from Miscellaneous Business C= (A - B) 39,332 73,134
APPROPRIATIONS
Transfer to Shareholders’ Account 39,332 73,134
Transfer to Catastrophe Reserve - -
Transfer to Other Reserves (to be specified) - -
TOTAL (C) 39,332 73,134
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
184

Form B - RA
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Revenue Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
Note -1
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Interest, Dividend & Rent  59,442  54,824 
Add/Less:- 
Investment Expenses   (107) (124)
Amortisation of Premium/ Discount on Investments  7,372  4,317 
Amount written off in respect of depreciated investments --
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts --
Provision for diminution in the value of other than actively traded Equities --
Investment income from Pool --
Interest, Dividend & Rent – Gross*  66,707  59,017 
* Term gross implies inclusive of TDS 
Significant accounting policies and notes to financial statements (Refer Schedule 16).
The schedules referred to above & notes to accounts form an integral part of the financial statements
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
185

Form B - PL
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Profit and Loss Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS
(` in lakhs)
S
No
ParticularsSchedule
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1OPERATING PROFIT/(LOSS)
(a)  Fire Insurance - -
(b)  Marine Insurance - -
(c)  Miscellaneous Insurance 39,332 73,134
2INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS
(a)  Interest, Dividend & Rent – (Gross) 39,800 37,859
(b)  Profit on sale of investments 6,605 3,455
(c)  (Loss on sale/ redemption of investments) - -
(d)  Amortization of Premium / Discount on Investments  4,945 2,988
3OTHER INCOME
(a)  Provision written back 44 177
(b)  Interest on Income Tax Refund 125 47
(c)  Others(Other income) 377 182
TOTAL (A) 91,228 117,841
4PROVISIONS (Other than taxation)
(a)  For diminution in the value of investments - -
(b)  For doubtful debts 20 69
(c)  Others - -
5OTHER EXPENSES
(a) Expenses other than those related to Insurance Business - -
(b)  Bad Debts written off 28 182
(c) Interest on subordinated debt 4,093 4,121
(d)  Expenses towards CSR activities (Refer note 5.2.15) 168 167
(e)  Penalties (Refer note 5.2.14) 15 46
(f )  Contribution to Policyholders' A/c
 (i) Towards Excess Expenses of Management  - -
 (ii) Towards remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD/Other KMPs 546 192
 (iii) Others (to be specified) - -
(g)     Others
 (i)  Remuneration To Non-Executive Directors - Profit Related 
Commission
 120 135
 (ii) Listing Fees / Other Charges 19 20
     (iii)     Donation 56 6
 (iv) Loss/(Gain) on sale / Discard of Fixed Assets 58 18
TOTAL (B) 5,123 4,956
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax (A-B) 86,105 112,885
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
186

MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS
(` in lakhs)
S
No
ParticularsSchedule
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Provision for Taxation
(a)  Current Tax 20,817 7,312
(b)  Deferred Tax (Refer note 5.2.10) 699 21,072
(c)  Tax relating to earlier years 3 -
Profit/(Loss) After Tax 64,586 84,501
 APPROPRIATIONS
(a)  Interim dividends paid during the year - -
(b)  Final dividend paid - -
(c)  Transfer to any Reserves or Other Accounts - -
Balance of profit/ (loss) brought forward from last year (28,660) (113,161)
Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet 35,926 (28,660)
Earnings per share - Basic (Refer note 5.2.9) 11.01 14.48
    - Diluted (Refer note 5.2.9) 10.86 14.19
The schedules referred to above & notes to accounts form an integral part of the financial statements
Significant accounting policies and notes to financial statements (Refer Schedule 16).
Form B - PL
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Profit and Loss Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
187

Form B - BS
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
 (` in lakhs) 
Particulars
Schedule 
Ref.
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
SOURCES OF FUNDS
SHARE CAPITAL5 & 5A 58,779 58,528
SHARE APPLICATION MONEY - -
RESERVES AND SURPLUS6 643,585 604,294
FAIR VALUE CHANGE ACCOUNT
- SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS 3,553 4,236
- POLICYHOLDERS' FUNDS 5,297 6,121
BORROWINGS7 47,000 47,000
TOTA L 758,214 720,180
APPLICATION OF FUNDS
INVESTMENTS - SHAREHOLDERS8 718,573 633,611
INVESTMENTS - POLICYHOLDERS8A 1,071,264 915,477
LOANS9 - -
FIXED ASSETS10 18,494 17,513
DEFERRED TAX ASSET (NET ) 35,120 35,818
CURRENT ASSETS
 Cash and Bank Balances11 66,843 44,458
 Advances and Other Assets12 168,168 129,896
Sub-Total (A) 235,011 174,354
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY (NET ) - -
CURRENT LIABILITIES13 412,106 247,785
PROVISIONS14 908,142 837,469
Sub-Total (B) 1,320,248 1,085,254
NET CURRENT ASSETS (C) = (A - B) (1,085,237) (910,900)
MISCELLANEOUS EXPENDITURE (to the extent not written off or adjusted)15 - -
DEBIT BALANCE IN PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT - 28,660
TOTA L 758,214 720,180
Significant accounting policies and notes to financial statements (Refer Schedule 16).
The schedules referred to above & notes to accounts form an integral part of the financial statements
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
188

Form B - BS
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 (` in lakhs) 
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
1.  Partly paid-up investments  -     -   
2.  Claims, other than against policies, not acknowledged as debts by the company  -     -   
3.  Underwriting commitments outstanding (in respect of shares and securities)  -     -   
4.  Guarantees given by or on behalf of the Company  -   
5. Statutory demands/ liabilities in dispute, not provided for 28,813  28,553 
6.  Reinsurance obligations to the extent not provided for in accounts  -     -   
7 . Others (to be specified)  -     -   
TOTA L 28,813  28,553 
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
189

Form B - BS
STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Registration No. and Date of Registration with the IRDAI : 129/16.03.2006
Receipts and Payments Account for the year ended March 31, 2025
 (` in lakhs) 
Particulars
 For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Premium received from policyholders, including advance receipts & payables to policy holders 2,018,200  1,772,209 
Other receipts  -     -   
Receipts/(Payments) from other entities carrying on insurance business (including reinsurers) (75,181) (37,829)
Receipts/(Payments) to co-insurers, net of claims recovery 4,122  2,238 
Payments of claims (993,608) (892,347)
Payments of commission and brokerage (271,865) (207,286)
Deposits, advances and staff loans (2,503) (3,491)
Payments of other operating expenses (259,903) (259,901)
Income Tax (Net off Refund) (18,873) (9,824)
GST (Net off GST-ITC) (262,528) (232,772)
Other payments  -     -   
Cash flows before extraordinary items  -     -   
Cash flow from extraordinary operations  -     -   
Cash flows from Operating Activities 137,862  130,996 
Purchase of fixed assets (8,271) (12,349)
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 86  90 
Purchases of investments (18,576,074) (17,854,066)
Loans disbursed  -     -   
Sales of investments 18,356,910  17,650,928 
Investments in money market instruments and in liquid mutual funds (Net)  -     -   
Repayments received  -     -   
Rents/Interests/Dividends received 112,471  97,936 
Investments in money market instruments and in liquid mutual funds (Net)  -     -   
Expenses related to investments (179) (209)
Loans disbursed  -     -   
Repayments received  -     -   
Cash flows from Investment Activities (115,058) (117,671)
Proceeds from issuance of share capital 3,693  6,410 
Proceeds from borrowing  -     -   
Repayments of borrowing  -     -   
Interest/dividends paid (4,112) (4,112)
Cash flows from Financing Activities (420) 2,297 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 22,385  15,623 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 44,458  28,836 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 66,843  44,458 
Payments of other operating expenses includes payment towards Corporate Social Responsibility of ` 168 Lakhs ( Previous year : ` 167 Lakhs)
Receipt and Payment Account is prepared under 'Direct Method'
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
190

SCHEDULE – 1A PREMIUM EARNED [NET]
FIRE BUSINESS ACCOUNT
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Direct Premium  -     -   
Add: Premium on reinsurance accepted  -     -   
Less : Premium on reinsurance ceded  -     -   
Net Written Premium  -     -   
Add: Opening balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR)  -     -   
Less: Closing balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR)
Net Earned Premium  -     -   
Gross Direct Premium
- In India --
- Outside India--
SCHEDULE – 1B PREMIUM EARNED [NET]
MARINE CARGO BUSINESS ACCOUNT (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Direct Premium  -     -   
Add: Premium on reinsurance accepted  -     -   
Less : Premium on reinsurance ceded  -     -   
Net Written Premium  -     -   
Add: Opening balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR)
Less: Closing balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR)
Net Earned Premium  -     -   
Gross Direct Premium
- In India --
- Outside India--
SCHEDULE – 1D PREMIUM EARNED [NET]
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS 
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Direct Premium 1,671,620  1,525,445 
Add: Premium on reinsurance accepted 6,516   -   
Less : Premium on reinsurance ceded 125,614  118,709 
Net Written Premium 1,552,522  1,406,736 
Add: Opening balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR) 835,999  723,091 
Less: Closing balance of Unearned Premium Reserve (UPR) 906,302  835,999 
Net Earned Premium 1,482,220  1,293,827 
Gross Direct Premium
-  In India  1,671,620  1,525,445 
-  Outside India--
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
191

SCHEDULE – 2A CLAIMS INCURRED [NET]
FIRE BUSINESS ACCOUNT (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Claims Paid (Direct)  -     -   
Add :Re-insurance accepted to direct  claims  -     -   
Less :Re-insurance Ceded to claims paid  -     -   
Net Claims paid  -     -   
Add Claims Outstanding at the end of the year  -     -   
Less Claims Outstanding at the beginning  -     -   
Net Incurred Claims  -     -   
Claims Paid (Direct)
- In India--
- Outside India--
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the end of the period (net)--
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the beginning of the period (net)--
SCHEDULE – 2B CLAIMS INCURRED [NET]
MARINE CARGO BUSINESS ACCOUNT (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Claims Paid (Direct)  -     -   
Add :Re-insurance accepted to direct  claims  -     -   
Less :Re-insurance Ceded to claims paid  -     -   
Net Claims paid  -     -   
Add Claims Outstanding at the end of the year  -     -   
Less Claims Outstanding at the beginning  -     -   
Net Incurred Claims  -     -   
Claims Paid (Direct)
- In India--
- Outside India-
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the end of the period (net)--
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the beginning of the period (net)--
SCHEDULE – 2D CLAIMS INCURRED [NET]
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Claims Paid (Direct) 1,035,327 891,360
Add :Re-insurance accepted to direct claims 1,810 -
Less :Re-insurance Ceded to claims paid 51,765 38,476
Net Claims paid 985,372 852,884
Add Claims Outstanding at the end of the year 147,306 90,741
Less Claims Outstanding at the beginning of the year 90,741 84,229
Net Incurred Claims 1,041,937 859,396
Claims Paid (Direct)
-In India 1,035,182 891,245
-Outside India 145 115
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the end of the period (net) 44,650 28,130
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the beginning of the period (net) 28,130 31,875
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
192

SCHEDULE – 3A COMMISSION  
FIRE BUSINESS ACCOUNT (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Commission  -     -   
Add: Commission on Re-insurance  Accepted  -     -   
Less: Commission on Re-insurance Ceded  -     -   
Net Commission  -     -   
Channel wise break-up of the Commission (Gross):
Individual Agents  -     -   
Corporate Agents-Banks/FII/HFC  -     -   
Corporate Agents-Others  -     -   
Insurance Brokers  -     -   
Direct Business - Online  -     -   
MISP (Direct)  -     -   
Web Aggregators  -     -   
Insurance Marketing Firm  -     -   
Common Service Centers  -     -   
Micro Agents  -     -   
Point of Sales (Direct)  -     -   
Other (to be specified)  -     -   
TOTA L  -     -   
Commission (Excluding Reinsurance) Business written :
 In India --
Outside India--
SCHEDULE- 3B COMMISSION  
MARINE CARGO BUSINESS ACCOUNT (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Commission  -     -   
Add: Commission on Re-insurance  Accepted  -     -   
Less: Commission on Re-insurance Ceded  -     -   
Net Commission  -     -   
Channel wise break-up of the Commission (Gross):
Individual Agents  -     -   
Corporate Agents-Banks/FII/HFC  -     -   
Corporate Agents-Others  -     -   
Insurance Brokers  -     -   
Direct Business - Online  -     -   
MISP (Direct)  -     -   
Web Aggregators  -     -   
Insurance Marketing Firm  -     -   
Common Service Centers  -     -   
Micro Agents  -     -   
Point of Sales (Direct)  -     -   
Other (to be specified)  -     -   
TOTA L  -     -   
Commission (Excluding Reinsurance) Business written :
In India --
Outside India--
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
193

SCHEDULE- 3D COMMISSION  
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Commission 267,297  228,144 
Add: Commission on Re-insurance  Accepted 328   -   
Less: Commission on Re-insurance Ceded 43,553  42,181 
Net Commission 224,072  185,964 
Channel wise break-up of the Commission (Gross):
Individual Agents 220,403  193,266 
Corporate Agents-Banks/FII/HFC 23,360  16,597 
Corporate Agents-Others 700  618 
Insurance Brokers 22,237  17,279 
Direct Business - Online  -     -   
MISP (Direct)  -     -   
Web Aggregators 273  285 
Insurance Marketing Firm 214  53 
Common Service Centers 53  11 
Micro Agents  -     -   
Point of Sales (Direct) 57  35 
Other (to be specified)  -     -   
TOTA L 267,297  228,144 
Commission (Excluding Reinsurance) Business written :
In India  267,297  228,144 
Outside India  -     -   
 SCHEDULE – 4
 OPERATING EXPENSES RELATED TO INSURANCE BUSINESS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1Employees’ remuneration & welfare benefits 169,286 166,799
2Travel, conveyance and vehicle running expenses 4,605 4,737
3Training expenses 835 800
4Rents, rates & taxes 12,562 10,804
5Repairs 3,822 3,473
6Printing & Stationery 452 1,596
7Communication expenses 4,166 4,123
8Legal & professional charges 4,890 2,526
9Auditors' fees, expenses etc
(a) as auditor 105 100
(b) as adviser or in any other capacity, in respect of -
 (i) Taxation matters 15 27
 (ii) Insurance matters - -
 (iii) Management services; and - -
(c) in any other capacity 35 8
(d) Out of Pocket Expenses 5 9
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
194

 SCHEDULE – 4
 OPERATING EXPENSES RELATED TO INSURANCE BUSINESS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
10Advertisement and publicity 17,029 17,744
11Interest & Bank Charges 2,449 3,893
12Depreciation 7,148 5,871
13Brand/Trade Mark usage fee/charges - -
14Business Development and Sales Promotion Expenses 3,518 2,252
15Information Technology Expenses 19,498 16,795
16Goods and Services Tax (GST ) - -
17Others -
-  Remuneration of  MD / CEO 919 739
-  Director's Sitting Fees 120 132
- Online and Tele marketing Expenses 16,139 10,863
-  Miscellaneous Expenses 2,599 1,413
-  In House Claim Processing Cost (16,137) (15,168)
TOTA L 254,061 239,536
In India 253,809 239,378
Outside India 252 158
SCHEDULE – 5
SHARE CAPITAL (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
1Authorised Capital 80,000 80,000
80,00,00,000 (For Mar 24 - 80,00,00,000)
Equity Shares of `10/- each
2Issued Capital 58,779 58,528
58,77,86,459 (For Mar 24 - 58,52,83,381)
Equity Shares of `10/- each
3Subscribed Capital 58,779 58,528
58,77,86,459 (For Mar 24 - 58,52,83,381)
Equity Shares of `10/- each
4Called-up / paid up Capital 58,779 58,528
58,77,86,459 (For Mar 24 - 58,52,83,381)
Equity Shares of `10/- each
(Out of above 57,14,199 (previous period 57,14,199) equity shares of `10/- each issued 
for consideration other than cash.)
Add : Equity Shares forfeited (Amount originally paid up) - -
Less : Par Value of Equity Shares bought back - -
Less : Preliminary Expenses -
TOTA L 58,779 58,528
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
195

SCHEDULE – 5A SHARE CAPITAL
PATTERN OF SHAREHOLDING
[As certified by the Management]
Shareholder
As At March 31, 2025As At March 31, 2024
Number of Shares% of HoldingNumber of Shares% of Holding
Promoters
          Indian 319,337,07654.33% 319,337,07654.56%
          Foreign -0.00% -0.00%
Investors
          Indian 137,844,72923.45% 93,830,91116.03%
          Foreign 112,263,90719.10% 156,390,06126.72%
Others
          Indian 18,228,4113.10% 15,641,0812.68%
          Foreign 112,3360.02% 84,2520.01%
TOTA L 587,786,459100.00% 585,283,381100.00%
SCHEDULE – 6
RESERVES AND SURPLUS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
1Capital Reserve - -
2Capital Redemption Reserve - -
3Share Premium at the beginning of the year 604,056 598,007
Add: Share premium due to issue of share capital 3,442 6,049
Less: Utilized for share issue expenses - -
Share premium at the end of the Period 607,498 604,056
4Revaluation Reserve - -
5General Reserves - -
Less: Amount utilized for Buy-back - -
Less: Amount utilized for issue of Bonus shares - -
6Catastrophe Reserve - -
7Other Reserves
 Debenture Redemption Reserve at the beginning of the year - -
 Add: Debenture redemption reserve created - -
 Less: Debenture redemption reserve reversed - -
 Debenture redemption reserve at the end of the Period - -
8Employee Stock Option Outstanding 161 238
9Balance of Profit in Profit & Loss Account 35,926 -
TOTA L 643,585 604,294
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
196

SCHEDULE - 7
BORROWINGS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
1Debentures/Bonds (refer note 5.2.11) 47,000  47,000 
2Banks  -     -   
3Financial Institutions  -     -   
4Others (to be specified)  -     -   
TOTA L 47,000  47,000 
DISCLOSURE FOR SECURED BORROWINGS
Sl.NoSource / InstrumentAmount BorrowedAmount Of Security
1NANANA
SCH -8 & 8A -INVESTMENT SCHEDULE
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Sch-8Sch-8A
To t a l
ShareholdersPolicyholders
As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
 As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
As At
 
March 31, 2025
As At
 
March 31, 2024
LONG TERM INVESTMENTS
1Government securities and 
Government guaranteed bonds 
including Treasury Bills
 240,013 189,464 357,816 273,748 597,829 463,213
2Other Approved Securities 223,373 237,078 333,009 342,544 556,382 579,622
3Other Investments - - - - - -
(a)  Shares - - - - - -
     (aa)     Equity - - - - - -
    (bb)    Preference - - - - - -
(b) Mutual Funds - - - - - -
(c) Derivative Instruments - - - - - -
(d) Debentures/ Bonds - - - - - -
(e) Other Securities
  (i)  Alternative  Investment 
Funds
 3,840 1,089 5,725 1,574 9,565 2,663
 (ii) Triparty Repo - - - - - -
(f )       Subsidiaries - - - - - -
(g)  Investment  Properties-Real 
Estate
 - - - - - -
  (aa) REIT 7,857 8,608 11,714 12,437 19,571 21,045
4Investments in Infrastructure and 
Social Sector
 68,148 66,273 101,597 95,754 169,744 162,027
5Other than Approved 
Investments
 17,371 17,772 25,897 25,678 43,268 43,449
SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS
1Government securities and 
Government guaranteed bonds 
including Treasury Bills
 13,262 20,990 19,771 30,327 33,033 51,317
2Other Approved Securities 27,527 17,104 41,037 24,714 68,564 41,818
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
197

SCH -8 & 8A -INVESTMENT SCHEDULE
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Sch-8Sch-8A
To t a l
ShareholdersPolicyholders
As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
 As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
As At
 
March 31, 2025
As At
 
March 31, 2024
3Other Investments - - - -
(a)       Shares - - - - -
     (aa)     Equity 36,883 - 54,986 - 91,869 -
    (bb)    Preference - - - - - -
(b) Mutual Funds 62,017 29,621 92,456 42,799 154,473 72,420
(c) Derivative Instruments - - - - - -
(d)   Debentures / Bonds - - - - - -
(e)   Other Securities
  (i)  Alternative  Investment 
Funds Short
 - - - - - -
  (ii)  Triparty  Repo 14,300 33,164 21,319 47,917 35,619 81,081
(f )       Subsidiaries - - - - - -
(g)  Investment  Properties-Real 
Estate
 - - - - - -
4Investments in Infrastructure and 
Social Sector
 3,982 8,611 5,937 12,442 9,920 21,053
5Other than Approved 
Investments
 - 3,837 - 5,543 - 9,380
TOTA L
 718,573 633,611 1,071,264 915,477 1,789,837 1,549,088
GRAND TOTAL
 718,573 633,611 1,071,264 915,477 1,789,837 1,549,088
Aggregate value of Investments other than Listed Equity Securities and Derivative Instruments
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
 Shareholders  Policyholders  Total 
As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
 As At
 
March 31, 2025
 As At
 
March 31, 2024
As At
 
March 31, 2025
As At
 
March 31, 2024
Long Term Investments
Book Value 541,238  503,722  806,889  727,806  1,348,127  1,231,529 
Market Value 542,434  495,827  808,672  716,398  1,351,106  1,212,225 
Short Term Investments
Book Value 59,071  83,706  88,064  120,943  147,135  204,649 
Market Value 59,108  83,720  88,119  120,964  147,227  204,684 
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
198

SCHEDULE - 9
LOANS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
1SECURITY-WISE CLASSIFICATION
Secured
(a) On mortgage of property - -
 (aa) In India - -
 (bb) Outside India - -
(b) On Shares, Bonds, Govt. Securities - -
(c) Others (to be specified) - -
Unsecured - -
TOTA L - -
2BORROWER-WISE CLASSIFICATION
(a) Central and State Governments - -
(b) Banks and Financial Institutions - -
(c)      Subsidiaries - -
(d) Industrial Undertakings - -
(e) Others (Inter Corporate Deposit) - -
TOTA L - -
3PERFORMANCE-WISE CLASSIFICATION
(a) Loans classified as standard - -
 (aa) In India - -
 (bb) Outside India - -
(b) Non-performing loans less provisions - -
 (aa) In India - -
 (bb) Outside India - -
TOTA L - -
4MATURITY-WISE CLASSIFICATION
(a) Short Term - -
(b) Long Term - -
TOTA L - -
NON-PERFORMING LOANS
Loan Amount 
(` in lakhs)
Provision 
(` in lakhs)
Sub-standard  -     -   
Doubtful  -     -   
Loss  -     -   
TOTA L  -     -   
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
199

SCHEDULE – 10FIXED ASSETS
 (
`
 in lakhs)
 Particulars
 Cost/ Gross Block
 Depreciation
 Net Block
Opening 
As On 
01.04. 2024
 Additions
 Deductions / 
Adjustments
 Closing 
As On 
31.03.2025
 Opening 
As On 
01.04. 2024
 For The 
Period
 On Sales/ 
Adjustments
 Closing 
As On 
31.03.2025
 Closing 
As On 
31.03.2025
 Closing 
As On 
31.03.2024
1
Goodwill 
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
2
Intangibles - IT Software
 28,220
 3,700
 -
 31,920
 22,265
 4,044
 -
 26,309
 5,611
 5,955
3
Land - Freehold
 116
 -
 -
 116
 -
 -
 -
 -
 116
 116
4
Leasehold Property
 1,746
 374
 -
 2,119
 48
 258
 -
 306
 1,813
 1,698
5
Buildings
 652
 -
 -
 652
 52
 10
 -
 62
 590
 600
6
Furniture & Fittings
 3,488
 609
 260
 3,837
 1,725
 328
 217
 1,836
 2,001
 1,763
7
Information Technology
 
Equipment 
 14,111
 2,295
 1,380
 15,026
 10,079
 1,934
 1,309
 10,704
 4,322
 4,032
8
Vehicles
 296
 -
 -
 296
 185
 31
 -
 216
 81
 111
9
Office Equipment
 3,697
 540
 216
 4,021
 2,109
 542
 189
 2,463
 1,558
 1,588
10
OthersTemporary Construction
 26
 -
 -
 26
 25
 0
 -
 25
 1
 1
Total
 52,352
  7, 518
 1,856
 58,014
 36,487
  7,14 8
 1,715
 41,920
 16,093
 15, 865
11
Capital work in progress
 1,648
 4,447
 3,693
 2,401
 -
 -
 -
 -
 2,401
 1,648
Grand Total
 54,000
 11,965
 5,550
 60,415
 36,487
  7,14 8
 1,715
 41,920
 18,494
  17, 513
Previous Period - Mar 24
 41,953
 19,777
 7,731
 54,000
 30,820
 5,871
 203
 36,487
 17,513
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
200

SCHEDULE- 11
CASH AND BANK BALANCES (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
1Cash (including cheques*, drafts and stamps) 8,483 11,244
2Bank Balances
(a) Deposit Accounts
 (aa) Short-term (due within 12 months) 4,975 -
   (bb)   Others - -
(b) Current Accounts** 53,385 33,214
(c) Others (to be specified) - -
3Money at Call and Short Notice
(a) With Banks - -
(b) With other Institutions - -
4Others - -
TOTA L 66,843 44,458
Balances with non-scheduled banks included in 2 and 3 above
CASH & BANK BALANCES
In India 66,843 44,458
Outside India - -
* Cheques on hand amount to `4,501 Lakhs (Previous Year : ` 6,308 Lakhs)
** Current Account balances include remittances in transit amount to ` 12,330 Lakhs (Previous Year : ` 5,517 Lakhs)
SCHEDULE – 12
ADVANCES AND OTHER ASSETS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
AADVANCES
1Reserve deposits with ceding companies - -
2Application money for investments - -
3Prepayments 4,397 3,604
4Advances to Directors/Officers - -
5Advance tax paid and taxes deducted at source (net of provision for tax) 3,086 4,771
6Goods & Service tax credit 879 907
7Others
Travel Advance 10 14
Rental Advance 5,362 5,079
Less:  a) Provision for Doubtful Debts (16) (20)
Telephone Deposit 2 2
Staff Advance 1,561 2,074
Other Advances 2,387 761
Less: b) Provision for Doubtful Debts - (8)
Security Deposits 1,909 2,003
Postal Deposits 62 68
Advances - Deposit with Statutory Authorities 3,766 2,359
TOTAL (A) 23,405 21,614
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
201

SCHEDULE – 12 (CONTD.)
ADVANCES AND OTHER ASSETS (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At 
March 31, 2025
As At 
March 31, 2024
BOTHER ASSETS
1Income accrued on investments 37,289 33,981
2Outstanding Premiums 99,053 55,799
Less: c) Provision for Doubtful Debts (3,094) (3,094)
3Agents’ Balances - recoverable 218 375
Less:  d) Provision for Doubtful Debts (186) (174)
4Foreign Agencies Balances - -
5 Due from other entities carrying on insurance business (including reinsurers) 5,339 4,069
Less: e) Provision for Doubtful Debts (143) (138)
6Due from subsidiaries/ holding - -
7Investments held for Unclaimed Amount of Policyholders 3,233 3,271
8Interest on investments held for Unclaimed Amount of Policyholders 114 161
9Others
GST Refund 1,073 1,175
Income Tax Refund Receivable 1,621 2,009
Investment sold - Awaiting Settlement - 10,774
Other Receivables 286 141
Less: f ) Provision for Doubtful Debts (39) (67)
TOTAL (B) 144,763 108,282
TOTAL (A+B) 168,168 129,896
SCHEDULE – 13
CURRENT LIABILITIES (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
1Agents’ Balances 32,565  29,552 
2Balances due to other insurance companies  3,688  5,065 
3Deposits held on re-insurance ceded 34,942  19,466 
4Premiums received in advance
(a)  For Long term policies 77,843  482 
(b)  for Other Policies 9,088  6,890 
5Unallocated Premium 10,295  9,305 
6Sundry creditors  41,059  38,451 
7Due to subsidiaries/ holding company  -     -   
8Claims Outstanding 147,306  90,741 
9Due to Officers/ Directors  -     -   
10Unclaimed Amount of policyholders  2,616  1,644 
11Income accrued on Unclaimed amounts 726  569 
12Interest payable on debentures/bonds 2,002  2,022 
13Goods and Service tax Liabilities 34,096  32,142 
14Others
- Statutory dues payable 10,628  6,658 
- Payable to employees 4,808  4,558 
- Other payables 444  240 
TOTA L 412,106  247,785 
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
202

Details of unclaimed amounts and Investment Income thereon (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Opening Balance 2,213  2,721 
Add: Amount transferred to unclaimed amount 949  296 
Add: Cheques issued out of the unclaimed amount but not encashed by the policyholders 
(To be included only when the cheques are stale) 
 329  322 
Add: Investment Income 231  199 
Less: Amount paid during the year  380  1,326 
Less: Transferred to SCWF   -     -   
Closing Balance of Unclaimed Amount 3,342  2,213 
SCHEDULE – 14
PROVISIONS
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
1Reserve for unearned premium reserve 906,302  835,999 
2Reserve for Premium Deficiency  -     -   
3For taxation (less advance tax paid and taxes  deducted at source)  -     -   
4For Employee Benefits  -     -   
5Others   -     -   
- Provision for Gratuity  1,840  1,470 
TOTA L 908,142  837,469 
SCHEDULE – 15
MISCELLANEOUS EXPENDITURE
(To the extent not written off or adjusted) (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
1Discount Allowed in issue of shares/ debentures  -     -   
2Others   -     -   
TOTA L  -     -   
SCHEDULE 16 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, except for share data and where otherwise stated)
1.        BACKGROUND
 Star Health and Allied Insurance Co. Ltd (“The Company”) was incorporated on 17
th
 June, 2005, under the Companies Act, 1956.
  The Company obtained Regulatory approval to undertake Health Insurance business on March 16, 2006 from the Insurance Regulatory 
and  Development  Authority  of  India  (‘IRDAI’)  and  holds  a  valid  certificate  of  registration.  The  company  commenced  its  operations  on  
March 16, 2006. The Company has been registered by IFSCA (International Financial Services Centers Authority) on March 14, 2024 as IFSC 
Insurance Office (IIO) at IFSC – Gift City, Gujarat. The IIO commenced its operation from July 31, 2024.
    The  equity  shares  of  the  Company  are  listed  on  National  Stock  Exchange  of  India  Limited  (NSE)  and  Bombay  Stock  Exchange   
Limited (BSE).
Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
203

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  and  presented  on  a  going  concern  basis,  under  the  historical  cost  convention,  unless  
otherwise  specifically  stated,  on  the  accrual  basis  of  accounting  and  in  accordance  with  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Insurance  
Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation of Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of Insurance Companies) Regulations, 
2002 (‘the Regulations’), the Insurance Act, 1938, as amended by Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 (to the extent notified), Insurance 
Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999, and orders/directions, circulars/notifications and guidelines issued by IRDAI in this behalf 
from time to time, and comply with the applicable Accounting Standards (AS) specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”), read with Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules 2021, as amended, to the extent applicable and the relevant provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and in the manner so required and Generally Accepted Accounting Principles followed in India and current 
practices prevailing within the insurance industry in India. Accounting policies have been consistently applied to the extent applicable 
and in case of any change, the same is disclosed appropriately in the manner so required.
The Financial Statements are presented in Indian Rupees rounded off to the nearest Lakhs.
3.   USE OF ESTIMATES
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make 
estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities  as  of  the  Balance  sheet  date,  reported  amount  of  
revenues and expenses for the period and disclosure of contingent liabilities as of the balance sheet date. The estimates and assumptions 
used in these financial statements are based upon management’s evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as on the date of the 
financial statements. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Any revision to an accounting estimate is recognized prospectively 
in current and future periods.
4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
4.1. Revenue
         Premium
Premium (net of Goods and Services Tax) is recognized as income over the contract period or period of risk, on the commencement of 
risk after adjusting for unearned premium (unexpired risk). Any subsequent revisions to or cancellations of premium as and when they 
occur are accounted for in the period in which they occur. The premium on insurance policies on instalment basis is recognised upfront 
on commencement of the risk.
In accordance with the IRDAI (Actuarial, Finance, and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulations, 2024, and the master circular dated 
May 17, 2024, effective from October 01, 2024, the Company has revised its policy for recognizing Gross Written Premium for Long Term 
policies  on  1/n  basis  for  each  year,  where  ‘n’  represents  the  policy  duration  in  number  of  years  for  applicable  long-term  policies.  The  
amount not recognised as Gross written premium will be recognised as premium received in advance.
 Income from reinsurance business
Commission on reinsurance ceded is recognised as income in the period of ceding the risk.
Sliding scale commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is determined at every balance sheet date as per terms of the 
respective treaties. Any changes in the previously accrued commission is recognised immediately and any additional accrual is recognised 
on confirmation from reinsurers. Such commission is combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.
Profit commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is recognized in the ‘year of determination of the profits as per the 
terms of reinsurance treaty and combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.
 Investment Income
Interest income on investment is recognized on accrual basis. Accretion of discount and amortisation of premium relating to debt securities 
is recognised over the holding/maturity period on a straight-line basis.
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive dividend is established. Dividend income in respect of listed equity shares is 
recognised on ex-dividend date.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
204

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Realised gain/loss on securities, which is the difference between the sale consideration and the carrying value in the books of the Company, 
is recognised on the trade date. In determining the realised gain/loss, cost of securities is arrived at on ‘Weighted average cost’ basis. 
Further, in case of listed equity shares, Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), Real Estate Investment Trusts (REIT’s), Infrastructure Investment Trusts 
(InvITs) and mutual fund units, the profit or loss on sale also includes the accumulated changes in the fair value previously recognised in 
the “Fair Value Change Account”.
Sale consideration for the purpose of realised gain/loss is net of brokerage and taxes, if any, and excludes interest received on sale.
4.2  Unearned premium reserve
Unearned premium reserve (UPR) is the amount representing the premium written (net of reinsurance ceded) which is attributable to and 
is to be allocated to the succeeding accounting periods. UPR has been calculated on “Day Basis” (1/365
th
 method) in terms of IRDAI Circular 
No. IRDA/F&A/CIR/FA/126/07/2013 dated July 3, 2013 on the Net Written Premium on all unexpired policies on the Balance Sheet date.
4.3  Premium received in advance
This represents premium received during the period, where the risk commences subsequent to the balance sheet date.
In accordance with the IRDAI (Actuarial, Finance, and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulations, 2024, and the master circular dated 
May 17, 2024, effective from October 1, 2024 the Company has revised its policy for recognizing Gross Written Premium for Long Term 
policies on 1/n basis for each year where ‘n’ represents the policy duration in number of years for applicable long-term policies. The amount 
not recognised as Gross Written Premium during the year for the long term policies is recognised as “premium received in advance”.
4.4.  Reinsurance premium
Reinsurance  premium  on  ceding  of  risk  is  accounted  in  the  period  in  which  the  risk  commences  and  is  recognized  over  the  contract  
period or the period of risk, as per the treaty arrangements. Any subsequent revision to or cancellation of premium is recognized in the 
period in which they occur.
Premium on excess of loss reinsurance cover is accounted as premium ceded as per the reinsurance arrangements.
4.5.  Acquisition cost
Acquisition costs are those costs that vary with and are primarily related to acquisition of insurance contracts. Acquisition cost is charged 
off in the period of Commencement of risk. In case of Long Term policy, acquisition costs are recognised based on 1/n accounting change 
applicable for premium recognition and as per Expense of Management (EoM) policy of the Company.
4.6.  Claims
Claims incurred represents (i) claims paid, (ii) estimated liability for outstanding claims made following a loss occurrence reported and 
(iii) estimated liability for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) and claims incurred but not enough reported (lBNER). Further, it also 
includes legal and investigation fees and in House claims processing expenditure estimated at 1 % of Gross Premium pertaining to Health 
& Personal Accident (Retail & Group) Segment based on management estimate.
Claims (net of amounts receivable from reinsurers/co-insurers) are recognised on the date of intimation/ on the date of receipt of documents, 
based on internal management estimates or on estimates from insured/Third Party Administrator [TPA] in the Revenue account.
Estimated liability for outstanding claims is provided net of claims recoverable from reinsurance/co-insurers on the basis of claims reported.
Estimated liability for outstanding claims is determined by the management on the basis of ultimate amounts likely to be paid on each 
claim based on the past experience and in cases where claim payment period exceeds four years based on actuarial valuation. These 
estimates are progressively re-validated on availability of further information.
IBNR and IBNER represent that amount of claims that may have been incurred during the accounting period but have not been reported 
/ not enough reported. The provision for IBNR and IBNER is based on actuarial estimate duly certified by the Appointed Actuary of the 
Company. The actuarial estimate is derived in accordance with relevant IRDAI regulations and Guidance Note GN 21 issued by the Institute 
of Actuaries of India.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
205

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
4.7  Premium Deficiency
Premium deficiency is recognized whenever expected claims cost, related expenses and maintenance cost (related to claims handling) 
exceed related reserve for unexpired risks. The premium deficiency is calculated and duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.
4.8  Investments
Investments  are  made,  accounted  and  classified  in  accordance  with  the  Insurance  Act,  1938,  Insurance  Laws  (Amendment)  Act,  2015  
as amended, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016 as amended and various other 
circulars/notifications issued by the IRDAI in this context from time to time.
Investments are recorded at cost on trade date including acquisition charges (such as brokerage, transfer stamps etc.), if any, and exclude 
interest accrued up to the date of purchase.
     A)     Classification
  Investments maturing within twelve months from balance sheet date and investments intended to be held for a period of less than 
twelve months from the balance sheet date are classified as ‘Short term investments’.
 Investments other than ‘short term investments’ are classified as ‘long term investments’.
    Investments  are  earmarked,  separately  to  policyholder’s  or  shareholder’s,  as  applicable;  Investments  other  than  earmarked  are  
segregated at Shareholder’s level and Policyholder’s level notionally based on policyholder’s funds and shareholder’s funds as of 
quarter /half year/year end, as prescribed by IRDAI.
     B)     Valuation
                  Debt         Securities
  All debt securities Including government securities, Additional Tier I Bonds and non-convertible preference shares are considered 
as ‘held to maturity’ and accordingly stated at historical cost, adjusted for accretion of discount and amortization of premium which 
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the holding or maturity period.
  Equity shares / ETF’s / REiTs / INViT / AIF
    Listed  equity  shares,  Equity  Exchange  traded  Funds  (ETF’s),  Real  Estate  Investment  Trust  (REiTs)  Infrastructure  Investments  Trust  
(INViT), are stated at fair value, being the last quoted closing price on the National Stock Exchange, being selected by the Company 
as Primary Exchange as required by IRDAI and in case these are not listed on National Stock Exchange, then based on the last quoted 
closing price on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
  Investment in units of REiTs and INViT are valued at market value as per the last quoted price in National stock exchange. Where the 
market quote is not available in the last 30 days, the units shall be valued as per the latest Net Asset Value (NAV) of the units, not 
more than 6 months old, as published by the trust.
 Alternate Investment Fund (AIF) and unlisted equity shares are stated at cost.
  Triparty Repo Dealing and settlements (TREPs):
  TREPs are ‘held-to-maturity’ and are measured at cost, adjusted for accretion of discount which is recognized on a straight-line basis 
over the holding or maturity period.
                  Mutual         Funds
 All mutual fund investments are stated at fair value and valued at closing Net Asset Value at the balance sheet date.
  Fair Value Change Account
  In accordance with the Regulations, unrealised gain/loss arising due to changes in fair value of listed equity shares, Units of ETF’s / 
REiTs / INViT and Mutual fund investments are taken to the “Fair Value Change Account” in the Balance Sheet and not available for 
distribution, pending realisation
 Fair value of investments is computed for quoted investments on the basis of the last available market price/NAV.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
206

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
  Impairment of Investments
  The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether any impairment has occurred in respect of investment in equity shares, 
units of mutual fund, investment in venture fund/alternative investment fund (AIF), units of REITs and units of InvIT. The impairment 
loss, other than considered temporary, if any, is recognised in the profit and loss account and the carrying value of such investment 
is reduced to its recoverable value. If on the assessment at balance sheet date, a previously impaired loss no longer exists, then such 
loss is reversed to the profit & loss account and the investment is restated to that extent. The previously impaired loss is also reversed 
on disposal/realisation of securities and results thereon are recognised.
4.9  Fixed Assets, Intangibles and Impairments
 Fixed assets and depreciation
Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes purchase price, taxes (other than those recoverable from tax 
authorities) and any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.
Depreciation on fixed assets is provided on a straight-line method using the rates based on the economic useful life as prescribed in the 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 estimated by the management as below:
Nature of Fixed assets
Management estimate  
of Useful Life in years
Useful life as per Schedule II of  
the Companies Act, 2013 in Years
Land – Freehold--
Buildings6060
Furniture & Fittings1010
Information Technology Equipment
-  Servers & Network56
-  Others33
Vehicles8 to 108 to 10
Office Equipment
- Mobile phones & Tablets 35
- Others 55
In  the  case  of  Information  Technology  Equipment’s  (networking)  the  management  estimate  of  the  useful  life  is  5  years,  based  on  the  
internal technical evaluations, which is lower than that prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Depreciation  on  assets  purchased/disposed  off  during  the  year  is  provided  on  pro-rata  basis  with  reference  to  the  date  of  purchase/
disposal.
Depreciation on leasehold improvements is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of lease or useful life of the respective asset 
as determined by management, whichever is lower.
All assets including intangibles individually costing less than ` 5000/- are fully depreciated/amortized in the year in which it is acquired.
Management reviews its estimate of useful life at each Balance sheet date.
 Intangibles assets
Intangibles assets representing computer software are stated at cost less amortization. Cost includes purchase price, taxes (other than 
those recoverable from tax authorities) and any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended 
use. Computer software including improvements capitalised is amortized over a period of 3 years on pro-rata basis with reference to the 
date of purchase/discard, being the management’s estimate of the useful life of such intangibles.
 Capital work in progress
Capital  work  in  progress  includes  assets  not  ready  for  the  intended  use  and  are  carried  at  cost,  comprising  direct  cost  and  related  
incidental expenses.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
207

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 Impairment of Assets
The company assess at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, 
the carrying value of such asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognized in the Profit & Loss Account. 
If at the balance sheet date there is any indication that a previously assessed impairment loss no longer exists, then such loss is reversed, 
and the asset is restated to that extent. The recoverable amount is higher of the net selling price of the assets and their value in use.
4.10 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax for the period available to equity shareholders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the reporting period.
Number of equity shares used in computing diluted earnings per share comprises the weighted average number of shares considered 
for basic earnings per share and also weighted average number equity shares which would have been issued on conversion of all dilutive 
potential shares. In computing diluted earnings per share only potential equity shares that are dilutive are considered.
4.11 Operating  Lease
Leases, where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased item, are classified as operating 
lease. Payments made towards assets/premises taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the revenue account as per 
the lease agreements. Initial direct costs incurred specifically for an operating lease are charged to the revenue account and profit and 
loss account.
4.12 Employee  Benefits
 Short term employee benefits
Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short term employee benefits and are 
recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related service. These benefits include salaries, bonus and compensated 
absences. All short term employee benefits are accounted on undiscounted basis.
 Long term employee benefits
 Provident fund and National Pension Scheme
This is a defined contribution scheme, and contributions are made to the respective authorities at the prescribed rates and charged to 
Miscellaneous Revenue account and Profit & Loss account.
         Gratuity
Defined Benefit Plan – Retirement gratuity liability is funded with an Insurance Company through contributions to an approved gratuity 
trust. Gratuity is provided on the basis of actuarial valuation including actuarial gains/losses at balance sheet date and is recognised in 
the revenue account and profit and loss account. The actuarial valuation has been carried out using the Projected Unit Credit Method.
         Others
The Company pays a fixed amount of benefit on the death of an employee in service, based on the designation of the employee. Since 
the level of benefit is uniform for all employees regardless of years of service, the cost of benefit is recognised when the event occurs.
 Employee Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”)
The Company follows the intrinsic method for computing the compensation cost, for options granted under the scheme(s). The difference 
if any, between the intrinsic value being the fair market price and the grant price, is the compensation cost which is amortised over the 
vesting period of the options.
In case of ESOP issued prior to listing, The fair market price is the Fair value determined by Independent Valuer or Initial Public offer (IPO) 
issue price ; in case of ESOP issued post listing, the fair market price is the latest closing price on the stock exchange on which the shares 
of the company are listed, immediately prior to the grant date. If the shares are listed on more than one stock exchange, then the stock 
exchange where there is highest trading volume on the said date is considered.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
208

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
4.13 Foreign Currency transactions
Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the closing rate of exchange at the year-end.
The gains/losses on account of restatement and settlement are recognised in the revenue account(s) and profit and loss account.
4.14 Taxation
 Income Tax:
Income tax expense comprises current tax (i.e. amount of tax payable on the taxable income for the period determined in accordance 
with the Income-tax Act, 1961), and deferred tax charge or credit (reflecting the tax effects of timing differences between the accounting 
income and taxable income for the period). Current tax is the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities after taking credit for 
allowances and exemptions in accordance with the Income-tax Act, 1961. The deferred tax charge or credit and the corresponding deferred 
tax liabilities or assets are recognised using the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date.
Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent there is reasonable certainty that the assets can be realised in future. However, where 
there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward loss under taxation laws, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent there 
is virtual certainty backed by convincing evidence that sufficient future taxable income will be available against which deferred tax assets 
can be realised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed as at each Balance Sheet date and written down or written up to reflect the amount that 
is reasonably or virtually certain to be realised.
 Goods And Service Tax (GST):
 The Goods and Service Tax (“GST”) is collected as per the GST Laws in force and the same is considered as a liability. The Input Tax Credit 
(ITC) eligible as per the GST Laws is considered as an asset. The ineligible ITC is examined and expensed out as per the GST laws. The 
eligible unutilised ITC, if any, is carried forward for utilisation in subsequent periods.
4.15 Share issue expenses
 Share issue expenses are adjusted against share premium account.
4.16 Provisions and Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
In  accordance  with  Accounting  Standard  29  –  Provisions,  Contingent  Liabilities  and  Contingent  Assets  prescribed  by  Companies  
(Accounting Standard) Rules 2021, to the extent applicable to the company, provisions are created in respect of obligations as a result 
of  past  events  and  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligations,  in  respect  of  which  a  reliable  
estimate can be made. Provisions are not discounted to their present value and are determined based on management estimate required 
to settle the obligation at the Balance Sheet date. These will be reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current 
management estimates.
Contingent  losses  arising  from  claims  other  than  insurance  claims,  litigation,  assessment,  fines,  penalties,  etc.  are  recorded  when  it  is  
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
A disclosure for a contingent liability other than those under policies is made when there is a possible obligation or a present obligation 
that may, but probably will not require an outflow of resources.
Show Cause Notices issued by various Government Authorities are not considered as Obligation. When the demand notices are raised 
against such show cause notices and are disputed by the Company, these are classified as disputed obligations under contingent liability.
When there is a possible obligation or a present obligation in respect of which the likelihood of outflow of resources is remote or cannot 
be ascertained, no provision or disclosure is made.
Contingent Assets are neither recognised nor disclosed in the Financial Statements.
4.17 Borrowing Cost:
 Borrowing costs are charged to Profit and Loss Account in the period in which they are incurred.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
209

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
4.18 Receipts and Payments Account (Cash flow statement):
(i)    Receipts and Payments Account is prepared and reported using the Direct Method, in conformity with Para 2.2 of the Master Circular 
on Preparation of Financial Statements - General Insurance Business dated October 5, 2012, issued by the IRDAI.
(ii)      Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with Banks. Cash equivalents are short-term balances 
(with an original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.
4.19  Transfer of amounts to Senior Citizen Welfare Fund
In accordance with the requirement of the Notification no G.S.R 380(E), issued by the Ministry of Finance,
dated April 11, 2017 read with IRDAI Circular No. IRDA/F&A/CIR/MISC/173/07/2017 dated July 25, 2017 the Company transfers amounts 
outstanding for a period of more than 10 years in Unclaimed Amount of Policyholders to the Senior Citizen Welfare Fund (SCWF) on or 
before March 1
st
 of each financial year.
5.   NOTES TO ACCOUNTS:
5.1 Statutory disclosures as required by IRDAI
 5.1.1 Contingent  Liabilities
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Partly paid investmentsNILNIL
Underwriting commitments outstandingNILNIL
Claims, other than those under policies, not acknowledged as debtNILNIL
Guarantees given by or on behalf of the CompanyNILNIL
Statutory demands/liabilities in dispute, not provided for (Refer Note a & b)28,81328,553
Reinsurance obligations to the extent not provided for in accountsNILNIL
 Note :
 a)  The Company has disputed the demand raised by Goods and Service Tax Authorities for various years and denial of refund 
claim amounting to ` 28,813 Lakhs (previous year: ` 28,444 Lakhs). The demand orders majorly pertain to non-payment of 
GST on industry vide issues such as ITC denial on marketing expense, GST on insurance premium for the policies issued to SEZ 
and other miscellaneous issues like mismatch in GSTR3B vs GSTR2A, GST credit claimed under reverse charge mechanism. The 
department has issued demand order on suo-moto basis without giving reasonable opportunity to be heard.
 b)  The Company has no demand raised by Income Tax Authorities to be classified as contingent liability (previous year : ` 106 
Lakhs).
   In the view of the Company, and as advised by the counsel, the decisions are expected to be in favour of the Company, based 
on the facts of the case and taxation law.
                    Other          Matters:
                  Income         Tax:
 A.  The Company had challenged, by way of Writ Petitions before the Hon’ble High Court of Madras, the Income Tax Assessment 
Orders for Assessment Years 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 with demands aggregating to ` 6,268 Lakhs (previous year: ` 6,268 
Lakhs) on account of applying the provisions of Section 115 JB of Income Tax Act, 1961. The Hon’ble High Court of Madras, 
accepting the pleas of the Company set aside the impugned orders with the directions that the Income tax department could 
pass appropriate orders after the Hon’ble Supreme Court gives its direction on the Special Leave petition pending with the 
Hon’ble Supreme court.
   The company has received an order from the Joint Commissioner of Income tax (OSD) on August 16, 2021 for the Assessment 
Year 2009-2010, granting a refund of ` 2,224 Lakhs. As per above mentioned order the company is not liable to pay tax under 
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
210

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
provision of section 115JB and Income tax demand of ` 2,458 Lakhs is nullified. The company has already received a sum of 
` 781 Lakhs out of ` 2,224 Lakhs refund sanctioned as per order and is taking steps to obtain the balance due. As there are no 
subsisting demands as on date, no provision is considered necessary in the books.
   The principal commissioner of income tax, Chennai has initiated the revision proceedings under section 263 of the Income 
tax Act. The department has mentioned that the order passed by Joint commissioner of income tax (OSD) dated August 16, 
2021 is erroneous and not in line the high court judgement. The Company has filed writ appeal on April 12, 2023.
   The Principal Commissioner of Income Tax, Chennai has set aside the order passed by the AO. The Company has challenged 
the order and filed an appeal in ITAT on January 4, 2024.The ITAT remanded back the order to AO. The AO on further scrutiny 
has confirmed that the refund issued to the Company is genuine and for the balance refund the same will be passed once 
appropriate  orders  of  the  Honorable  Supreme  Court  gives  its  direction  on  the  Special  Leave  petition  pending  with  the  
Honorable Supreme Court.
Assessment Year
Amount  
(` in lakhs)
2009-102,458
2010-111,337
2011-122,472
Total6,268
 B.  The Company has received an order dated December 27, 2019 for the Assessment year 2014-15 from the Office of Assistant 
Commissioner of Income tax raising a demand of ` 4,244 Lakhs towards Income tax and Interest payable towards amount of 
unexpired risk reserve not being appropriated in the Profit and Loss account. The Company has challenged the order before 
Commissioner of income tax (Appeals), while having taken a stay for the demand from Hon’ble High Court of Madras subject 
to payment of 10% tax amounting to ` 251 Lakhs. In the opinion of the company, both on law and facts, the said demands are 
not sustainable and hence no provision is considered necessary in the books.
 C.  For Assessment Year 2021-22, The Company received the refund claimed in the original return.
   Payment of Bonus Act:
   The Payment of Bonus Act was amended with retrospective effect and resulted in increasing the bonus liabilities. The additional 
liability on account of retrospective amendment is ` 148 Lakhs (previous year: ` 148 Lakhs). The retrospective amendment is 
being challenged by various parties in the High Court and based on the final outcome on determination of the court cases 
would be accounted for on that date.
 5.1.2   The assets of the Company are free from all encumbrances except for deposits of ` 1,926 Lakhs (previous year: ` 813 Lakhs) with the 
courts against disputed claims. Pending disposal of the case, in the opinion of the Company the said amount is considered good 
and recoverable.
 5.1.3  Commitment made for Investment, Loans and Fixed Asset
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Commitments made and outstanding for loans and investments 10,9364,838
Estimated Amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
1,0181,305
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
211

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.1.4 Claims
  i. Claims paid to claimants in/outside India are as under:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
In India 1,019,045876,077
Outside India 145115
  ii. Ageing of gross claims outstanding is set out in the table below
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025As at March 31, 2024
No. of  
Claims
Amount  
` in Lakhs
No. of  
Claims
Amount  
` in Lakhs
Less than or equal to 6 months222,88999,261162,24357,317
More than 6 months Less than or equal to 1 year13,3997,30919,5374,691
More than 1 year Less than or equal to 2 year7931,23619,0742,630
More than 2 years1002471,6391,888
Total237,181108,053202,49366,526
      Claims  outstanding  data  excludes  IBNR.  The  claims  were  outstanding  predominantly  due  to  non-submission  of  essential  
documents by the insured/Hospitals. Claims settled and remaining unpaid for more than six months is ` NIL (previous year: 
` NIL).
  iii. Claims where the claim payment period exceeds four years:
   As per circular F&A/CIR/017/May-04, the claims made in respect of contracts where claims payment period exceeds four years, 
are required to be recognised on actuarial basis. Accordingly, the Appointed Actuary has certified assuming ‘NIL’ discount rate.
 5.1.5 Premium
 All premiums, net of Re-insurance are written and received in India & IIO (IFSC Insurance Office).
 No premium income is recognized on varying risk pattern.
 5.1.6 Sector wise gross written premium is as follows:
For the year endedSectorNo. of policiesNo. of Lives
GWP ` in Lakhs
%
March 31, 2025Rural2,016,4295,105,631323,50719.35%
Social647,5152,712,885138,3328.28%
Others6,234,23717,428,2781,209,78172.37%
To t a l8,898,18125,246,7941,671,620100.00%
March 31, 2024Rural1,856,0475,007,659300,53619.70%
Social510,6381,300,56193,1226.10%
Others6,011,63316,680,2291,131,78874.19%
Total8,378,31822,988,4491,525,445100.00%
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
212

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.1.7  Extent of Risk retained and Re-insured
Particulars
Year Ended March 31, 2025Year Ended March 31, 2024
HealthPAHealthPA
Risk Retained (%)92.66%77.40%92.42%77.83%
Risk Re-insured (%)7.34%22.60%7.58%22.17%
  * Health includes Travel
 5.1.8   Investments
  A) Value of contracts in relation to investments for:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Contracts for sale where payments are overdue  NILNIL
Contracts for purchases due for delivery on the balance sheet date. (since 
received)
NILNIL
Non-Performing Investment NILNIL
  B) Detail of investments that are valued on fair value basis is
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025As at March 31, 2024
Historical Cost At Fair Value Historical CostAt Fair Value 
Mutual Funds (Short Term)----
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REIT's)/ 
Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs)
31,31138,66734,09237,827
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)154,3921,4,47365,79872,420
Equity90,45591,869--
Total276,159285,00999,890110,248
 
c)  All investments are made in accordance with Insurance Act, 1938 and Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of 
India (Investment) Regulations, 2016 and are performing investments.
 
d)  Investment income has been allocated on the basis of the ratio of average policyholder’s Funds to average shareholder’s Funds, 
average being the balance at the beginning of the year and at the end of the reporting period.
 
e) REPO / Reverse repo / TREPS Lending / Borrowing transactions REPO / Reverse repo transaction:
Particulars
Minimum 
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended
March 31, 2025
Maximum
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended
March 31, 2025
Daily average 
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended  
March 31, 2025
Outstanding 
as at  
March 31, 2025
Amount (` in lakhs)
Securities sold under repo (At cost)
TREPS Lending----
Securities purchased under reverse 
repo (At cost)
TREPS Lending15,000175,46790,46435,617
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
213

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
Minimum 
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended
March 31, 2024
Maximum
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended
March 31, 2024
Daily average 
outstanding 
during the Year 
ended  
March 31, 2024
Outstanding 
as at  
March 31, 2024
Amount (` in lakhs)
Securities sold under repo (At cost)
TREPS Lending----
Securities purchased under reverse 
repo (At cost)
TREPS Lending13,700142,31375,71881,081
 5.1.9 Allocation of expenses
 The company has allocated expenses of management as per the policy approved by the Board of Directors.
  Directly allocable expenses:
  Expenses which are directly allocated to specific segments are recorded and disclosed under the respective segments. lt includes 
commission to the insurance agents, insurance intermediaries, brokerage, etc.
  lndirect expenses - Apportioned
  Expenses which are not directly identifiable to specific segments are apportioned among segments based on Gross written premium. 
lt includes employees’ remuneration, advertisement and publicity, depreciation, information technology expenses, communication 
expenses, operational expenses, other administrative expenses, net of transfer of claims cost, incentive payable to field staff etc.
  During the year, the company has transferred from Operating Expenses (Ref: Schedule 4 of the Financial Statements under “Others 
- In House Claims Processing Cost”) to Claims cost an amount of ` 16,137 Lakhs (previous year: ` 15,168 Lakhs) being 1% of the 
gross  premium  (excluding  co-insurance  inward  and  policies/claims  processed  by  outsourced  Third  Party  Administrators  (TPAs))  
pertaining to Health & Personal Accident (PA) segment towards In House Claims processing expenditure based on the Insurance 
Regulatory  and  Development  Authority  of  India  (Expenses  of  Management  of  Insurers  transacting  General  or  Health  Insurance  
business) Regulations, 2023
 5.1.10  Employee benefit plan
  A) Defined Contribution Plan – Contribution to Employees Provident Fund
  During the year/period, the Company has recognised below amount under defined contribution plan
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Contribution to Employees Provident Fund5,1034,370
  B) Defined Benefit Plan – Gratuity
   The Company has a defined gratuity benefit plan payable to every employee on separation from employment. The Company 
makes the contribution to an approved gratuity fund which is maintained and managed by Life Insurance Corporation of India.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
214

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
   Reconciliation of opening and closing balance of the present value of the defined benefit obligation for gratuity benefits of 
the Company is given below:
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
Assumptions
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Discount Rate6.70%7.00%
Salary Escalation3.00% (for first 5 yrs)
1.50% (thereafter)
3.00% (for first 5 yrs)
1.50% (thereafter)
Attrition rate2.00%2.00%
Expected Return on Plan Assets6.70%7.00%
Mortality Rate TableIndian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14)
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14)
Table showing changes in present value of obligations- LIC Fund
Present value of obligations as at beginning of year5,9875,048
Interest cost419368
Current Service Cost488479
Past service cost--
Benefits Paid(1,053)(789)
Actuarial (gain) / loss on obligation1,210880
Present value of obligations as at end of year7,0525,987
Table showing changes in the fair value of plan assets- LIC Fund
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year4,5184,011
Expected return on plan assets316293
Contributions1,3961,064
Transfer in/(out) Plan Assets--
Expenses deducted from the fund--
Benefits paid(1,053)(789)
Actuarial gain / (loss) on plan assets34(61)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of year5,2114,518
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized
Actuarial (gain) /loss on obligation1,210880
Actuarial (gain) / loss on plan assets(34)61
Actuarial (gain) / loss recognized in the year1,176942
Reconciliation of Present Value of the obligation and the Fair Value 
of the Plan Assets
Present value of obligations as at the end of year7,0525,987
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year5,2124,518
Funded status(1,840)(1,470)
Net (Liability) Recognized in the Balance Sheet(1,840)(1,470)
Investment details of plan assets
100% Insurer Managed Funds5,2124,518
Expenses Recognized in statement of Profit & loss
Current Service cost488479
Past service cost--
Interest Cost419368
Expected return on plan assets(316)(293)
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
215

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
Assumptions
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Net Actuarial (gain) / loss recognized in the year1,176942
Expenses to be recognized in the profit & loss1,7671,497
Bifurcation of Current and Non Current Liability :
Current Liability526569
Non-Current Liability6,5265,418
Fair Value of Plan Assets5,2124,518
Net Liability(1,840)(1,470)
   Amounts for the current and previous four periods are as follows:
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars2024-252023-242022-232021-222020-21
Defined Benefit Obligations70525,9875,0484,3213,544
Plan Assets5,2124,5184,0114,0373,665
Surplus/(Deficit)(1,840)(1,470)(1,037)(284)121
Experience adjustments on Plan assets(34)6135(275)79
Experience adjustments on Plan Liabilities1,210880600483477
  C) Employee Stock Option plan (ESOP)
   The Company has introduced Employee Stock Option plan (ESOP 2019) in the financial year 2019-20 effective from August 6, 
2019 (date of grant). The Company has granted Stock Options to employees in compliance with the Securites and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations 2021. The ESOP Plan 2019 was modified pursuant 
to the resolutions passed by the Board of Directors of the company in the meeting held on May 23, 2021, September 28, 2021 
and January 25, 2022 and by the Shareholders of the Company in an extra ordinary general meeting held on July 16, 2021, 
October 4, 2021 and March 03, 2022. Under the ESOP 2019, the company has given options to eligible employees to acquire 
equity share in the Company. The options have been granted under various tranches.
   During the year ended as at March 31, 2025 the company had granted 351,679 No. of options (previous year: 576,000 Options) 
which will vest over a period of 5 years in the ratio 20:20:20:20:20 starting at the end of the 1
st
 year from the date of grant.
      Out  of  the  ESOP  2019  options  issued  up-to  the  Year  ended  March  31,  2025:  654,189  Options  (Net  of  Withdrawn  Option)  
(previous year: 690,989 Options), were issued for exercise price which is less than the fair value of the option. Therefore, the 
corresponding compensation cost of `15 Lakhs (previous year: `95 Lakhs) is charged to profit and loss accounts.
   Movement in the Options under ESOP:
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Outstanding at the beginning of the year9,396,75514,062,861
Add : Granted during the period351,679576,000
Less : Forfeited / Lapsed during the period893,1451,636,073
Less : Exercised during the period2,503,0783,606,033
Outstanding at the end of the period6,352,2119,396,755
Yet to be vested at the end of the period3,098,9887,153,742
Yet to be exercised at the end of the period3,253,2232,243,013
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
216

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
   Fair Value method (Black Scholes method)
   The fair value of options used to compute Pro-forma net profit / (loss) and the earnings per Equity Share have been estimated 
on the date of the grant using Black-Scholes model.
  The key assumptions used in Black-Scholes model for calculating fair value as on the date of the grant are:
Sl.
No.
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
1Annual Risk Free Interest Rate6.65%7.11%
2Expected Life5 Years5 Years
3Expected Annualized Volatility25.93%27.22%
4Dividend YieldNilNil
5Weighted Avg Price of the Underlying Share at the time of Option 
Grant (`)
470.54382.41
6
Weighted Avg Fair Value of Options (`)
144.8498.08
   Had the compensation for the stock options granted under the scheme been determined based on fair value approach the 
company’s net profit / (loss) and earnings per share would have been as per the Pro-forma amounts indicated herein:
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Net Profit /(loss) (as reported)64,58684,501
Add: Stock Based Employee Compensation Expenses included in Net Profit
-  ESOP Plan 20191595
Less: Stock Based Employee Compensation Determined under Fair Value 
based Method (Pro-forma)
-  ESOP Plan 2019(1,442)(1,740)
Net Profit/(loss) (pro-forma)63,15982,856
Basic Earnings per Share of ` 10 each (as reported) (`)
11.0114.48
Basic Earnings per Share of ` 10 each (Pro-forma) (`)
10.7714.20
 5.1.11  Remuneration to Managerial and Key Management Persons
  A. The details of remuneration of MD and CEO as per the terms of appointment are as under:
 (` in lakhs)
Remuneration paid to
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Salaries and allowances904655
Contribution to provident and other fund1518
ESOP Expenses--
Total919674
   Remuneration of MD & CEO upto ` 400 Lakhs (previous year: ` 400 Lakhs), for each Managerial personnel, is disclosed under 
Schedule 4 “Operating Expenses” and ` 519 Lakhs (previous year: ` 127 Lakhs) being in excess of ` 400 Lakhs (previous year: 
` 400 Lakhs), for each Managerial personnel, is disclosed under the Shareholder’s Profit and Loss Account under the head “Key 
management Personnel Remuneration”.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
217

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
    B.       The  details  of  remuneration  paid  to  other  Key  Management  Persons  as  per  guidelines  issued  by  IRDAI  
(Remuneration of Key Managerial Persons of insurers) Guidelines, 2023 and as per the terms of appointment 
of Company for the year ended March 2025 are as under:
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Salaries and allowances1,8813,377
Contribution to provident and other fund3299
ESOP Expenses428
Total1,9173,503
   Note: The managerial remuneration mentioned above does not include the perquisite value as per Income Tax Act, 1961 for 
the employee stock options exercised and the actuarially valued employee benefits that are accounted as per Accounting 
Standard (AS) 15 (Revised), “Employee Benefits”, which is determined on an overall Company basis.
                  C.         Qualitative         Disclosures:
   1. Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
SI. 
NO
NameDesignation
Position in the 
Committee
1Mr.Rohit BhasinNon-Executive Independent DirectorChairperson
2Ms. Anisha MotwaniNon-Executive Independent DirectorMember
3Ms.Rajni Sekhri SibalNon-Executive Independent DirectorMember
4Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal AgarwalNon-Executive Independent DirectorMember
5Mr.Utpal Hemendra ShethNon-Executive Nominee DirectorMember
6Mr. Sumir ChadhaNon-Executive Nominee DirectorMember
   2. Key features and objectives of the Remuneration policy :
   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while formulating the above policy, ensured that:
   i) relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate benchmarks and
   ii)    remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the Company 
and its goals, as determined by management.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
218

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
D. 
Quantitative Disclosures:
(
`
 in lakhs)
S.No
Name of the MD/CEO/WTD
Fixed Pay
Variable Pay
To t a l 
Fixed and 
Variable 
Pay
Amount 
debited to 
Revenue A/c
Amount 
debited to 
Profit & Loss 
A/c
Value of 
Joining 
on bonus/
signing on 
bonus
Retirement 
benefits
Amount of 
deferred 
remuneration 
of earlier 
years paid/
settled
Pay and 
Allowances
Perquisites
To t a l
Cash Component
Non-Cash 
Component
To t a l
Paid
Deferred
Settled 
Deferred
Paid/
Settled
Deferred
1
Mr. Anand Roy
 582 
 11 
 594 
 155 
 171 
  -   
  -   
 155 
 171 
 919 
 400 
 519 
  -   
  -   
  -   
5.1.12 Share Capital and Share Application 
The Details of the Company share capital raised are as under:
Allotment made during the year
Year ended  March 31, 2025
Year ended  March 31, 2024
No. of shares
Price per share
(in 
`
)
No. of shares
Price per share
(in 
`
)
Employees Stock Options (ESOP-2019)
2,492,829
142.43
3,306,760
142.43
Employees Stock Options (ESOP-2019)
5,549
488.96
285,973
488.96
Employees Stock Options (ESOP-2019)
4,700
486.00
13,300
486.00
Total
2,503,078
3,606,033
5.1.13 Outsourcing, business development and marketing support expenses.
Expenses relating to outsourcing, business development and marketing support are:
 (
`
 in lakhs)
Nature of Outsourcing Expenses
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Manpower Expenses
6,407
5,582
Online & Tele Marketing Expenses
16,139
10,864
Claims Investigation & Related Expenses (included in Sch-2)
45
9
Total
22,591
16,455
Outsourcing expenses has been calculated based on the Outsourcing regulation issued by IRDAI.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
219

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.1.14  Details of penal actions taken by various Govt. authorities:
(` in lakhs)
S.
No
Authority
Non-
Compliance/ 
Violation
Year ended March 31, 2025
Penalty 
Awarded
Penalty Paid
Penalty Waived 
/ Reduced
1Insurance Regulatory and Development 
Authority of India (IRDAI)
NilNilNil
2GST AuthoritiesShort payment 
of tax and 
Ineligible credit
77Nil
3Income Tax AuthoritiesNilNilNil
4Any other Tax AuthoritiesNilNilNil
5Enforcement Directorate / Adjudicating 
Authority / Tribunal or any Authority under 
FEMA
NilNilNil
6Registrar of Companies / NCLT / CLB / 
Department of Corporate Affairs or any 
Authority under Companies Act, 2013
NilNilNil
7Penalty awarded by any Court / Tribunal for 
any matter including claim settlement but 
excluding compensation
NilNilNil
8Securities and Exchange Board of IndiaNilNilNil
9Competition Commission of IndiaNilNilNil
10 Any other Central / State / Local Government / 
Statutory Authority
Late payment for 
PF contribution
88Nil
(` in lakhs)
S.
No
Authority
Non-
Compliance/ 
Violation
Year ended March 31, 2024
Penalty 
Awarded
Penalty Paid
Penalty Waived 
/ Reduced
1Insurance Regulatory and Development 
Authority of India (IRDAI)
NilNilNil
2GST AuthoritiesShort payment 
of tax and 
Ineligible credit
99Nil
3Income Tax AuthoritiesNilNilNil
4Any other Tax AuthoritiesNilNilNil
5Enforcement Directorate / Adjudicating 
Authority / Tribunal or any Authority under 
FEMA
NilNilNil
6Registrar of Companies / NCLT / CLB / 
Department of Corporate Affairs or any 
Authority under Companies Act, 2013
NilNilNil
7Penalty awarded by any Court / Tribunal for 
any matter including claim settlement but 
excluding compensation
NilNilNil
8Securities and Exchange Board of IndiaNilNilNil
9Competition Commission of IndiaNilNilNil
10 Any other Central / State / Local Government / 
Statutory Authority
Late payment 
for PF & ESI 
contribution
3737Nil
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
220

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.1.15  Summary of Financial Statements for five years & Ratio Analysis:
 A.  A summary of Financial Statements and Accounting Ratios as per the formats prescribed by the IRDAI in its circular dated April 
29, 2003 is provided in Annexure 2 and Annexure 3
                  B.         Solvency         Margin
 (` in lakhs)
Solvency Margin
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Required solvency margin under IRDAI Regulations (A)312,581281,347
Available solvency margin (B) 691,837620,953
Solvency ratio actual (times) (B/A)2.212.21
Solvency ratio prescribed by Regulation (times)1.501.50
5.2 Other disclosures:
5.2.1
      Pursuant  to  IRDAI  regulation  of  Asset,  Liabilities,  and  Solvency  margin  of  General  Insurance  Business  Regulations  2016  (IRDAI/
Reg/7/119/2016 dated April 7, 2016); claim reserves are determined as the aggregate amount of Outstanding Claim Reserve and 
Incurred but Not Reported (IBNR) claim reserve for the lines of business as applicable to the company.
 5.2.2  Provision for Free Look period
  The provision for Free Look period of ` 158 Lakhs (previous year: ` 45 Lakhs) is duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.
 5.2.3  Operating Lease
  Lease of assets under which all the risks and rewards of ownership are effectively retained by the lessor are classified as operating 
leases. Lease payments debited to the revenue account during the year ended March 31, 2025 amounts to ` 9,516 Lakhs (previous 
year: 8,320 Lakhs).
 (` in lakhs)
Minimum Lease Payments
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
Not later than one year2,7972,801
Later than 1 year but not later than 5 years4,8465,470
Later than 5 years2,4613,975
 5.2.4 Micro and Small scale business entities
  As per the provisions of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, (MSMED) the Micro and Small Enterprises 
have been identified by the Company from the available information. Based on the information available with the Company, the 
balance due to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006 is as follows:
  Disclosure pursuant to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2016 (MSMED Act)
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
(i)The principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the 
year
1,611121
(ii)Interest accrued and due thereon to suppliers under MSMED Act on the 
above amount remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of year
461
(iii)The amount of interest paid by in terms of Section 16 of the Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
---
(iv)Amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day 
during the year
--
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
221

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 (` in lakhs)
Particulars
As At  
March 31, 2025
As At  
March 31, 2024
(v)Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during 
the year) but without adding the interest specified under Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006
--
(vi)Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the year471
(vii)Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid 
to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible 
expenditure under section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006
--
 5.2.5 Segmental  reporting
  Primary reportable segments : The Company carries on non-life insurance business in India. The Company has provided primary 
segmental  information,  in  Annexure  1,  as  required  by  Accounting  Standard  17  –  ‘Segment  Reporting’  issued  by  ICAI,  read  with  
Accounting Regulations.
  Secondary reportable segments : There are no reportable geographical segments since the Company provides services only to 
customers in the Indian market or Indian interests abroad and does not distinguish any reportable regions within India.
 5.2.6 Disclosures on other work given to auditors
  Pursuant to Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by IRDAI on May 18, 2016, the additional work entrusted to the statutory auditor 
are as below.
 (` in lakhs)
Name of the AuditorServices Rendered
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Brahmayya & Co.,Certification and Others24
M S K A & Associates.,Certification and Others19-
T R Chadha & Co LLP.,Certification and Others13-
V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,Certification and Others14
 5.2.7 Related  party
  A.  List of Related Parties and nature of relationship
  Entities & Individuals with their relatives, having significant influence:
  1. Expedient Healthcare Marketing Private Limited
                    2.          Rare          Enterprises
  3. Pegasus Assets Reconstruction Pvt. Ltd.
  4. M/s. Roppen Transportation Services Private Limited
  5. Airpay Payment Service Private Limited.
   i. Key Management Personnel (KMP):
   1. Mr. Anand Roy, Managing Director & CEO
   ii. Relatives of KMP with whom transactions have taken place during the year:
   1. Ms. Jayashree Roy (Mother of Mr. Anand Roy)
   2. Ms Akila Diwakar Shetty (Wife of Mr. Anand Roy)
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
222

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
  B.  Transactions with Related Parties
 (` in lakhs)
Name of the 
related party
Description / 
Designation
Transactions
Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Mr. Anand RoyManaging Director & 
CEO
Remuneration919527
Insurance Premium Received22
Share Alloted under ESOP 
Scheme957957
Mr. V JagannathanFormer Chairman & CEORemuneration-23
Sale of Assets-35
Insurance Premium Received-0
Refund of Insurance Premium-0
Dr S PrakashFormer Managing 
Director
Remuneration-123
Share Alloted under ESOP 
Scheme
-957
 (` in lakhs)
Name of the 
related party
Description / 
Designation
Transactions
Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
M/S.Pegasus Assets 
Reconstruction Pvt. 
Ltd.
Promoter Group EntityInsurance Premium Received116
Refund of Insurance Premium10
Claim Paid1011
Expedient 
Healthcare 
Marketing Private 
Limited
Promoter Group EntityPayment gateway0-
M/S.Rare EnterprisesPromoter Group EntityInsurance Premium Received65
Claims Paid23
M/s. Airpay Payment 
Service Private 
Limited
Promoter Group EntityAdvisory Services12
Ms. Akila Diwakar 
Shetty
Relative of Managing 
Director & CEO
Insurance Premium Received-0
Ms. Jayashree RoyRelative of Managing 
Director & CEO
Insurance Premium Received-0
M/s. Roppen 
Transportation 
Services Private 
Limited
Promoter GroupClaims Paid3652
Refund of Insurance Premium218
Insurance Premium Received0109
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
223

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
         5.2.8           A.      Details  of  age-wise  analysis  of  the  unclaimed  amount  of  the  policyholders  (excluding  Income  from   
                           Investment):
   For the year ended March 31, 2025
  (` in lakhs)
Particulars
Total 
Amount
AGE-WISE ANALYSIS 
0-6 
months
7-12 
months
13-18 
months
19– 24 
months
25 – 30 
months
31 – 36 
months
37 – 
120 
months
Above 
120 
months
Claims settled but not paid to 
the policyholders due to any 
reasons except under litigation 
from the policyholders
---------
Sum due to the insured / 
policyholders on maturity or 
otherwise
---------
 Any excess collection of the 
premium is refundable to the 
policyholders but not refunded
1,118--5041878879259-
Cheques issued but not 
encashed by the policyholder/ 
insured
1,498--7822617998917-
Total
2,616--5824132681771,176-
   For the year ended March 31, 2024  (` in lakhs)
Particulars
To t a l 
Amount
AGE-WISE ANALYSIS
0-6 
months
7-12 
months
13 -18 
months
19– 24 
months
25 – 30 
months
31 – 36 
months
37 to 
120 
months
Above 
120 
months
Claims settled but not paid to 
the policyholders due to any 
reasons except under litigation 
from the policyholders
---------
Sum due to the insured / 
policyholders on maturity or 
otherwise
---------
Any excess collection of the 
premium is refundable to the 
policyholders but not refunded
370--8780696965-
Cheques issued but not 
encashed by the policyholder/ 
insured
1,274--197110107349512-
Total
1,644--284190176418577-
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
224

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
  (b) Details of Unclaimed Amount and Investment Income.
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Opening Balance2,2132,721
Add: Amount transferred to Unclaimed Fund 949296
Add: Cheques issued out of the unclaimed amount but not encashed by 
the policyholders (To be included only when the Cheques are stale)
329322
Add: Investment Income on Unclaimed Fund231199
Less: Amount of claims paid during the year 3801,326
Less: Amount transferred to SCWF* (net of claims paid in respect of 
amounts transferred earlier)
--
Closing Balance of Unclaimed Amount Fund3,3422,213
   *SCWF - Senior Citizen Welfare Fund.
 5.2.9 Details of earning per share for the Year ended as follow
S. 
No.
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1
Net Profit / (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders (` in Lakhs)
64,58684,501
2Weighted Average No. of Equity Shares Issued for Basic EPS (in numbers)586,605,338583,385,745
3Weighted Average No. of Equity Shares Issued for Diluted EPS (in 
numbers)
594,688,190595,524,069
4
Basic Earnings Per Share (in `)
11.0114.48
5
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in `)
10.8614.19
6
Nominal Value Per Share (in `)
10.0010.00
 5.2.10 Income Tax
  Income Tax provision for the year ended March 31, 2025 has been determined by applying lower tax rate of 25.168% u/s 115BAA of 
Income Tax Act, 1961. Similarly, deferred Tax is also determined applying the same rate.
                  Deferred         Tax
  In accordance with the Company’s Accounting policy for Deferred Taxation, the net deferred tax Asset of ` 35,120 Lakhs has been 
recognized (previous year: ` 35,818 Lakhs).
(` in lakhs)
Timing Difference on Account of
Year Ended March 31, 2025Year Ended March 31, 2024
Deferred  
Tax Asset
Deferred  
Tax Liability
Deferred  
Ta x A ss e t
Deferred  
Tax Liability
Carried Forward Loss--
- On Business Loss--
Unexpired Risk Reserve – Income Tax Rule 6E 
differences
32,729-33,381-
Provision for doubtful debts876-882-
Depreciation differences477-429-
Provision for Goodwill Gesture----
Provision for Gratuity----
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
225

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(` in lakhs)
Timing Difference on Account of
Year Ended March 31, 2025Year Ended March 31, 2024
Deferred  
Tax Asset
Deferred  
Tax Liability
Deferred  
Ta x A ss e t
Deferred  
Tax Liability
Provision for Interest on GST----
Provision for Bonus – Sec. 43B of IT Act,1961 
Disallowance
711-661-
Provision for Stamps affixable – Sec. 43B of IT 
Act,1961 Disallowance
45-126-
Amount Payable to MSME Vendors113-3-
Total34,95135,481
Net Deferred Tax Asset / (Liability)34,95135,481
Deferred Tax Expense / (Income) recognized in 
Profit & Loss A/c
69921,072
Deferred Tax Income on IPO Expenses 
recognized in Share Premium A/c
(169)(338)
Net Deferred Tax Asset / (Liability)35,12035,818
 5.2.11 Terms of Borrowings
  Non- Convertible debentures
  As on September 29, 2021, the Company had issued Listed Non-convertible debentures for ` 40,000 Lakhs on private placement 
basis at an interest rate of 8.75% payable annually and redeemable in 7 years.
  As on October 28, 2021, the Company had issued Listed Non-convertible debentures for ` 7,000 Lakhs on private placement basis 
at an interest rate of 8.75% payable annually and redeemable in 7 years.
  During the year ended on March 31, 2025 the Company has incurred interest on non-convertible debentures to the extent of `4,093 
Lakhs (previous year: 4,124 Lakhs).
 5.2.12 Amortization of premium / (Accretion of discount) on investments details are as follows:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Revenue Account
Fire
Marine
Miscellaneous7,3724,317
Profit & Loss Account
Share Holders4,9452,988
Total12,3177,305
  Amortization of premium pertaining to revenue a/c and the profit & loss a/c have been adjusted against Interest, Dividend & Rent 
credited to the respective accounts.
5.2.13  During the financial year under review, in respect of Expenses of Management, the company has not exceeded the sub segment 
limits prescribed under section 40C of The Insurance Act 1938, read with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of 
India (Expenses of Management, including Commission, of Insurers) Regulations, 2024.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
226

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.2.14 Profit related Commission and Sitting fees paid to Non-Executive/Independent Directors:
  A) Profit related commission:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Profit related Commission
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Mr. Rohit Bhasin2525
Ms. Anisha Motwani2525
Mr. Berjis Desai-25
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal Agarwal2525
Mr. D.R.Kaarthikeyan-10
Ms. Rajni Sekhri Sibal2525
Mr. Rajeev Kher20-
  B) Sitting Fees Paid:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Sitting Fees Paid 
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Mr. D R Kaarthikeyan-5
Mr. Berjis Desai-14
Mr. Rohit Bhasin2527
Ms. Anisha Motwani3330
Mr. Rajeev Krishnamuralilal Agarwal2328
Ms. Rajni Sekhri Sibal2328
Mr. Rajeev Kher17-
 5.2.15 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
  The Gross amount required to be spent by the Company on CSR initiatives is ` 372 Lakhs (previous year: ` NIL). The amount excess 
spent in the preceding 3 financial years is ` 392 Lakhs.
  As per the provisions of the Companies Act 2013, the excess spent amount shall be set off against the immediate succeeding 3 
Financial Years. Accordingly, ` 372 Lakhs have been adjusted against the required to be spent and the ` 188 Lakhs (` 20 Lakhs of 
previous Financial Year and ` 168 Lakhs of Current Financial Year) have carried forward to next financial year for setting off as per 
the provisions.
  The amount spent during the year is as follows:
(` in lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars
Incurred and Paid 
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
Incurred and Paid 
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
1Construction / acquisition of any asset--
2On purposes other than (1) above168167
  *including GST input credit availed.
5.2.16  The company does not have any long term contracts (other than long term insurance contracts) wherein the company is required 
to make provision towards any foreseeable losses. In respect of long-term insurance contracts, actuarial valuation of the liability 
as at March 31, 2025 is ` NIL (previous year: ` NIL) There are no derivative contracts.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
227

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
5.2.17    The Indian Parliament had approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 which could impact the contributions by the Company 
towards  Provident  Fund  and  Gratuity.  The  Company  will  complete  its  evaluation  once  the  Rules  are  notified  and  will  give  
appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which the Code and related Rules becomes effective.
 5.2.18 Foreign currency exposure
    Foreign  currency  exposure  as  at  March  31,  2025  and  March  31,  2024  that  has  not  been  hedged  by  any  derivative  instrument  or  
otherwise is estimated as follows:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Foreign Currency Exposure on outstanding claims14551
Reinsurance Accepted Outside India4,340-
 5.2.19 Investor Education & Protection Fund:
  For the year ended March 31, 2025, the company has transferred ` NIL (previous year: ` NIL) to the Investor Education & Protection Fund.
5.2.20  As per proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 which is applicable from April 1, 2023, the Company has used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account, have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the respective software. There are no instances of the 
audit trail feature being tampered with. The preservation of audit trail is as per statutory requirements for record retention effective 
from the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
5.2.21  The Company has formed Steering committee of Department Heads to implement Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). The 
Steering committee meets regularly to discuss and take forward the implementation of Ind AS. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA)  has  issued  Ind  AS  117  (equivalent  of  IFRS  17)  on  August  12,  2024  but  subsequently  deferred  its  applicability  vide  MCA  
notification dated September 28, 2024 that Ind AS 117 will be applicable once it is notified by IRDAI.
       The Company has engaged the knowledge partner and technology partner for Ind AS 117 implementations. “Define 17” System 
is implemented for convergence to Ind AS requirements. Data migration to Define 17 is completed. In addition to current IGAAP 
Financial Statements, the Company will be publishing Ind AS Compliant Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 
along with previous year comparative numbers.
5.2.22  No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
5.2.23  No funds have been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
228

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 5.2.24  Previous Year (PY) figures have been regrouped in the respective schedule and notes wherever necessary, to 
conform to current year groupings. The change has no effect on the statement of financial position:
Sr. 
No
Particulars (schedule and head of account)Regrouped 
/ Restated 
amount  
(` In lakh)
Amount as per 
financials of 
previous year 
(` In lakh)
Difference 
(` In lakh)
Reason for 
regrouping / 
restatement
Regrouped fromRegrouped to
1Sch 3 – Commission 
received on Re 
insurance ceded
Sch 2 – Re- insurance 
ceded to Claims paid
38,47637,878598Presentation 
reclass based 
on nature of the 
income
2Schedule 4 – 
Operating Expenses
Form B- RA and Form B 
– PL (Interest, Dividend & 
Rent – (Gross))
239,536239,442-98Presentation 
reclass based 
on nature of the 
expense
Form B – RA (Towards 
remuneration of MD/CEO/
WTD/Other KMPs)
192As per the Master 
circular issued.
For and On Behalf of Board of Directors
Anand RoyDeepak Ramineedi
Managing Director & Chief Executive OfficerDirector
DIN: 08602245DIN: 07631768
Nilesh KambliJayashree Sethuraman
Chief Financial OfficerCompany Secretary
As Per Our Report of Even Date attached
For M/s  M S K A & Associates.,For M/s  T R Chadha & Co LLP.,
Chartered AccountantsChartered Accountants
Firm Reg No.: 105047WFirm Reg No.: 006711N/N500028
Vaibhav NaikSheshu Samudrala 
PartnerPartner
M.No.: 138302M.No.: 235031
Place: Chennai
Date: April 29, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
229

Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE 1
20. SEGMENT REPORTING 
   
The Company's business is organised on a National basis and caters to the non-life insurance business. Accordingly, the Company has provided primary segmental information, as per Accounting Standard 17 - 'Segment Reporting' issued by ICAI read with Accounting RegulationsSegment Revenues are either directly attributed to or, in the case of bundled products, allocated to individual segments. There are no inter segment revenues.Operating Expenses are attributed to the business segments in line with Accounting Policy 12 in Schedule 16.Investments, Other Assets and Liabilities are identified with the respective segments in the ratio of Share Holders and Policy Holders Funds as defined in Accounting Policy 9 in Schedule 16.Since the business operations of the Company are entirely in India, the same is considered as one geographical segment.For The Year Ended Mar 31, 2025
(
`
 in lakhs)
Particulars
Fire 
Marine 
Cargo
Marine 
Hull
Aviation
Motor
Workmens 
Compensation 
/ Employers 
Liability
Public / 
Product 
Liability
Engineering
Personal 
Accident
Health 
Insurance
Travel
Income 
Credited / 
Exp Debited 
to P & L 
Account 
Total
Gross Direct Premium
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 18,974 
 1,651,681 
 965 
  -   
 1,671,620 
Premium Inward
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 6,516 
  -   
  -   
 6,516 
Net Written Premium
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 14,687 
 1,537,391 
 444 
  -   
 1,552,522 
Premium Earned (net)
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 15,832 
 1,465,934 
 453 
  -   
 1,482,220 
Profit on Sale / Redemption of Investments
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 112 
 9,729 
 6 
 6,605 
 16,451 
Others - provision for impairment of investments
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Interest (Net of Amortisation)
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 757 
 65,911 
 39 
 44,745 
 111,452 
Total Segmental Revenue
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 16,701 
 1,541,575 
 497 
 51,350 
 1,610,123 
Claims Incurred (Net)
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 7,871 
 1,033,956 
 110 
  -   
 1,041,937 
Commission Received/(Paid), Net
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 1,208 
 222,626 
 237 
  -   
 224,072 
Operating Expenses Related To Insurance Business
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 2,884 
 251,031 
 147 
 3,949 
 258,010 
Total Segmental Expenses
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 11,963 
 1,507,613 
 494 
 3,949 
 1,524,018 
Segmental (Loss)/Profit
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 4,739 
 33,961 
 4 
 47,401 
 86,105 
Other Income
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Unallocated Corporate Expenses
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Provision For Income Tax, FBT, Deferred Tax Asset And Wealth Tax, MAT
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 21,518 
 21,518 
Add: Reversal of MAT Credit Entitlement of Previous Years
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Less: MAT Credit Entitlement
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Net Profit For The Year
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 4,739 
 33,961 
 4 
 25,882 
 64,586 
Segment Assets
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 14,120 
 1,229,175 
 718 
 834,449 
 2,078,462 
Segment Liabilities
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 14,405 
 1,253,945 
  -   
 51,165 
 1,319,515 
Capital Expenditure
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Amortization Of Premium And Discount
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 (13)
 (1,139)
 (1)
 (773)
 (1,926)
Depreciation
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 49 
 4,227 
 2 
 2,870 
 7,148 
Non - Cash Expenditure Other Than Depreication And Amortization
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
230

Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025For The Year Ended Mar 31, 2024
(
`
 in lakhs)
Particulars
Fire
Marine 
Cargo
Marine 
Hull
Aviation
Motor
Workmens 
Compensation 
/ Employers 
Liability
Public / 
Product 
Liability
Engineering
Personal 
Accident
Health 
Insurance
Others
Income 
Credited / 
Exp Debited 
to P & L 
Account
To t a l
Gross Direct Premium
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 21,173
 1,503,702
 571
 -
 1,525,445
Premium Inward
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Net Written Premium
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 16,479
 1,390,090
 167
 -
 1,406,736
Premium Earned (net)
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 14,187
 1,279,487
 154
 -
 1,293,827
Profit on Sale / Redemption of Investments
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 69
 4,921
 2
 3,455
 8,447
Others - provision for impairment of investments
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Interest (Net of Amortisation)
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 819
 58,176
 22
 40,847
 99,864
Total Segmental Revenue
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 15,075
 1,342,584
 178
 44,302
 1,402,139
Claims Incurred (Net)
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 5,015
 854,233
 148
 -
 859,396
Commission Received/(Paid), Net
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 1,862
 184,094
 8
 -
 185,964
Operating Expenses Related To Insurance Business
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 3,325
 236,120
 91
 4,359
 243,894
Total Segmental Expenses
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 10,201
 1,274,447
 248
 4,359
 1,289,254
Segmental (Loss)/Profit
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 4,874
 68,137
 (70)
 39,943
 112,885
Other Income
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Unallocated Corporate Expenses
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Provision For Income Tax, FBT, Deferred Tax Asset And Wealth Tax, MAT
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 28,384
 28,384
Add: Reversal of MAT Credit Entitlement of Previous Years
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Less: MAT Credit Entitlement
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Net Profit For The Year
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 4,874
 68,137
 (70)
 11,560
 84,501
Segment Assets
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 14,574
 1,035,067
 393
 726,740
 1,776,774
Segment Liabilities
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 14,410
 1,023,380
 389
 47,076
 1,085,254
Capital Expenditure
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Amortization Of Premium And Discount
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 (18)
 (1,249)
 (0)
 (877)
 (2,144)
Depreciation
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 48
 3,420
 1
 2,401
 5,871
Non - Cash Expenditure Other Than Depreication And Amortization
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
231

Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE TO SCHEDULE 1:
(
`
 in lakhs)
Particulars
Miscellaneous
Health
Personal Accident
Travel Insurance
Total Miscellaneous/Health
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
Gross Direct Premium 
 1,651,681 
 1,503,702 
 18,974 
 21,173 
 965 
 571 
 1,671,620 
 1,525,445 
Add: Premium on reinsurance accepted 
 6,516 
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 6,516 
  -   
Less: Premium on reinsurance ceded
 120,806 
 113,612 
 4,287 
 4,694 
 521 
 404 
 125,614 
 118,709 
Net Written Premium
 1,537,391 
 1,390,090 
 14,687 
 16,479 
 444 
 167 
 1,552,522 
 1,406,736 
Add: Opening balance of  UPR
 822,068 
 711,465 
 13,880 
 11,609 
 51 
 17 
 835,999 
 723,091 
Less: Closing  balance of UPR
 893,525 
 822,068 
 12,734 
 13,901 
 43 
 30 
 906,302 
 835,999 
Net Earned Premium
 1,465,934 
 1,279,487 
 15,832 
 14,187 
 453 
 154 
 1,482,220 
 1,293,827 
Gross Direct Premium - In India
 1,651,681 
 1,503,702 
 18,974 
 21,173 
 965 
 571 
 1,671,620 
 1,525,445 
- Outside India
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
ANNEXURE TO SCHEDULE 2:
(
`
 in lakhs)
Particulars
Miscellaneous
Health
Personal Accident
Travel Insurance
Total Miscellaneous/Health
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
Claims Paid (Direct)
 1,027,788 
 885,715 
 7,258 
 5,502 
 281 
 143 
 1,035,327 
 891,360 
Add :Re-insurance accepted to direct claims
 1,810 
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 1,810 
  -   
Less :Re-insurance Ceded to claims paid
 50,232 
 37,571 
 1,346 
 808 
 187 
 96 
 51,765 
 38,475 
Net Claim Paid
 979,366 
 848,144 
 5,912 
 4,694 
 94 
 47 
 985,372 
 852,885 
Add: Claims Outstanding at the end of the year
 138,076 
 83,485 
 9,086 
 7,127 
 145 
 128 
 147,306 
 90,741 
Less: Claims Outstanding at the beginning of the year
 83,485 
 77,396 
 7,127 
 6,806 
 128 
 27 
 90,741 
 84,229 
Net Incurred Claims
 1,033,956 
 854,233 
 7,871 
 5,015 
 110 
 148 
 1,041,937 
 859,396 
Claims Paid (Direct)- 
In India
 1,027,788 
 885,715 
 7,258 
 5,502 
136
28
1,035,182
891,245
- 
Outside India
 -
 -
 -
 -
145
115
145
115
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the end of the period (net)
 41,780
 25,340
 2,760
 2,720
 110
 70
 44,650
 28,130
Estimates of IBNR and IBNER at the beginning of the period (net)
 25,340
 29,050
 2,720
 2,800
 70
 25
 28,130
 31,875
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
232

Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE TO SCHEDULE 3:
(
`
 in lakhs)
Particulars
Miscellaneous
Health
Personal Accident
Travel Insurance
Total Miscellaneous/Health
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended 
March 31, 2024
Commission & Remuneration 
 263,421 
 224,007 
 3,502 
 4,025 
 373 
 112 
 267,297 
 228,144 
Gross Commission
 263,421 
 224,007 
 3,502 
 4,025 
 373 
 112 
 267,297 
 228,144 
Add: Commission on Re-insurance Accepted
 328 
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
 328 
  -   
Less: Commission on Re-insurance Ceded
 41,123 
 39,914 
 2,294 
 2,163 
 136 
 104 
 43,553 
 42,181 
Net Commission
 222,626 
 184,094 
 1,208 
 1,862 
 237 
 8 
 224,072 
 185,964 
Break-up of the expenses (Gross) incurred to procure business to be furnished as per details indicated below:Individual Agents
 216,821 
 189,838 
 3,226 
 3,318 
 355 
 110 
 220,403 
 193,266 
Corporate Agents-Banks/FII/HFC
 23,143 
 15,927 
 212 
 668 
 4 
 2 
 23,360 
 16,597 
Corporate Agents-Others
 693 
 615 
 4 
 3 
 3 
 0 
 700 
 618 
Insurance Brokers
 22,171 
 17,248 
 56 
 30 
 10 
 0 
 22,237 
 17,279 
Direct Business - Online
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
MISP (Direct)
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Web Aggregators
 271 
 280 
 2 
 6 
 (0)
  -   
 273 
 285 
Insurance Marketing Firm
 212 
 52 
 2 
 0 
 0 
  -   
 214 
 53 
Common Service Centers
 53 
 11 
 0 
 0 
  -   
  -   
 53 
 11 
Micro Agents
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Point of Sales (Direct)
 56 
 35 
 0 
 0 
  -   
  -   
 57 
 35 
Other (to be specified)
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
TOTA L
 263,421 
 224,007 
 3,502 
 4,025 
 373 
 112 
 267,297 
 228,144 
Commission and Rewards on (Excluding Reinsurance) Business written :
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
In India
 263,421 
 224,007 
 3,502 
 4,025 
 373 
 112 
 267,297 
 228,144 
Outside India
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
  -   
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
233

Schedules forming part of Financial Statementsfor the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE TO SCHEDULE 4:
(
`
 in lakhs)
Sl.No
Particulars
Miscellaneous
Health
Personal Accident
Travel Insurance
Total Miscellaneous/Health
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2024
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2025
For the Year 
Ended
 
March 31, 2024
1
Employees’ remuneration & welfare benefits
 167,267
 164,486
 1,922
 2,316
 98
 62
 169,286
 166,864
2
Travel, conveyance and vehicle running expenses
 4,550
 4,669
 52
 66
 3
 2
 4,605
 4,737
3
Training expenses
 825
 789
 9
 11
 0
 0
 835
 800
4
Rents, rates & taxes
 12,412
 10,650
 143
 150
 7
 4
 12,562
 10,804
5
Repairs
 3,777
 3,424
 43
 48
 2
 1
 3,822
 3,473
6
Printing & Stationery
 447
 1,573
 5
 22
 0
 1
 452
 1,596
7
Communication expenses
 4,116
 4,064
 47
 57
 2
 2
 4,166
 4,123
8
Legal & professional charges
 4,832
 2,490
 56
 35
 3
 1
 4,890
 2,526
9
Auditors' fees, expenses etc
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
(a) 
as auditor
 104
 99
 1
 1
 0
 0
 105
 100
(b) 
 
as adviser or in any other capacity, in respect of
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 
(i) 
Taxation matters
 15
 27
 0
 0
 0
 0
 15
 27
 
(ii) 
Insurance matters
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 
(iii) 
Management services; and
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
(c) 
in any other capacity
 35
 7
 0
 0
 0
 0
 35
 8
(d) 
Out of Pocket Expenses
 5
 9
 0
 0
 0
 0
 5
 9
10
Advertisement and publicity
 16,826
 17,491
 193
 246
 10
 7
 17,029
 17,744
11
Interest & Bank Charges
 2,420
 3,837
 28
 54
 1
 1
 2,449
 3,893
12
Depreciation
 7,062
 5,787
 81
 81
 4
 2
 7,148
 5,871
13
Brand/Trade Mark usage fee/charges
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
14
Business Development and Sales Promotion Expenses
 3,476
 2,220
 40
 31
 2
 1
 3,518
 2,252
15
Information Technology Expenses
 19,265
 16,556
 221
 233
 11
 6
 19,498
 16,795
16
Goods and Services Tax (GST )
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
17
Others
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD
 908
 664
 10
9
 1
 0
 919
 674
- 
Director's Sitting Fees
 119
 130
 1
 2
 0
 0
 120
 132
- 
Online and Tele marketing Expenses
 15,956
 10,712
 183
 151
 -
 -
 16,139
 10,863
- 
Outsourced Manpower Expenses
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
- 
Miscellaneous Expenses
 2,568
 1,393
 30
 20
 2
 1
 2,599
 1,413
- 
In House Claim Processing Cost
 (15,954)
 (14,958)
 (183)
 (211)
 -
 -
 (16,137)
 (15,168)
(Refer note 4.6 of Schedule 16)
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
TOTA L
 251,031
 236,120
 2,884
 3,325
 147
 91
 254,061
 239,536
In India
 250,782
 235,964
 2,881
 3,322
 147
 91
 253,809
 239,377
Outside India
 249
 156
 3
 2
 0
 0
 252
 158
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
234

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE 2
Summary of Financial Statements
(` in lakhs)
Sl NoParticulars2024-252023-242022-232021-222020-21
OPERATING RESULTS
1Gross direct premium 1,671,620 1,525,445 1,295,247 1,146,347 938,854
2Gross Written premium 1,678,136 1,525,445 1,295,247 1,146,347 938,854
3Net premium income (1) 1,552,522 1,406,736 1,231,964 1,080,949 717,943
4Income from Investment (net) (2) 76,553 64,010 50,142 47,956 25,053
5Other Income
- Foreign Exchange gain / (loss) 83 - - - -
6Contribution from Shareholders a/c
-  Towards remuneration of MD/CEO/WTD/
Other KMPs
 546 192 16,162 8,442 6,853
- Towards excess EOM - - - - -
Total income 1,629,704 1,470,938 1,298,268 1,137,347 749,849
7Commission (net) (3) 224,072 185,964 168,277 149,218 58,576
8Operating Expenses 254,061 239,536 221,543 192,295 147,158
9Premium Deficiency
10Net incurred Claims 1,041,937 859,396 732,040 853,999 436,945
11Change in Unearned premium reserve 70,302 112,909 105,805 100,032 255,281
12Operating Profit/ (Loss) 39,332 73,134 70,603 (158,197) (148,111)
NON OPERATING RESULTS
13Total Income under shareholder's account 51,896 44,707 33,885 32,136 17,348
14Total expenses under Shareholder's Account 5,123 4,956 21,848 13,603 13,817
15Profit / (Loss) before tax 86,105 112,885 82,640 (139,664) (144,580)
16Provision for tax 21,518 28,384 20,781 (35,597) (36,009)
19Profit / (Loss) after tax 64,586 84,501 61,859 (104,067) (108,571)
MISCELLANEOUS
20Policyholders'Account :
Total funds 995,963 850,263 750,215 614,095 388,697
Total Investments 1,071,264 915,477 804,624 687,955 404,257
Yield on Investments7.79%7.66%6.94%8.25%7.13%
21Shareholders' Account :
Total funds 668,063 588,476 498,438 410,143 268,657
Total Investments 718,573 633,611 534,586 449,388 279,411
Yield on Investments7.79%7.66%6.94%8.25%7.13%
22Paid up equity capital 58,779 58,528 58,168 57,552 54,809
23Net worth 702,203 633,924 543,013 451,388 348,434
24Total Assets 2,078,462 1,776,774 1,522,611 1,351,406 1,050,098
25Yield on Total Investments7.79%7.66%6.94%8.25%7.13%
26Earnings per Share (Basic)11.01 14.4810.70 (18.65) (21.75)
27
Book Value per share (`)
 119.47 108.31 93.35 78.43 63.57
28
Total Dividend declared/paid for the year (`)
 - - - - -
29
Dividend per share (`)
 - - - - -
30Solvency Ratio2.212.21 2.14 1.67 2.22
Notes
1.  Net of reinsurance
2.  Net of losses (includes dimunation in value of investments)
3.  Includes any compensation paid by an insurer to Insurance agent, Intermediary or Insurance intermediary
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
235

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ANNEXURE 3
RATIOS FOR NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES
 Sl No Performance RatioFY 2024-25FY 2023-24
1 Gross Direct premium growth rate (segement wise) (Increase in Gross premium for the current 
year when compared to last year divided by gross premium for the previous year)
9.58%17.77%
2   Gross  Direct  premium  to  Networth  ratio:  (Gross  premium  for  the  current  year  divided  by  the  
paid up capital plus free reserves) 
2.382.41
3 Growth rate of Net worth: (Increase in net worth as at the current balance sheet date compared 
to previous year divided by the -  SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS at the previous balance sheet date)
10.77%16.74%
4 Net retention ratio (segment wise) (Net Written Premium divided by gross premium)92.51%92.22%
5 Net  commission  ratio  (segment  wise)  (Commission  net  of  reinsurance  for  a  class  of  business  
divided by Net Written Premium)
14.43%13.22%
6 Expenses of Management to gross direct premium ratio (Expenses of Management divided by 
the total gross direct premium)
31.09%30.66%
7 Expenses of Management to net written premium ratio (Expenses of Management divided by 
the net written premium)
30.80%30.25%
8 Net Incurred Claims to Net Earned Premium70.30%66.42%
9 Claims paid to claims provisions102.18%89.50%
10 Combined   ratio:   (Net   Incurred   Claims   divided   by   net   earned   premium   +   Expenses   of   
Management divided by Net written premium)
101.09%96.67%
11 Investment income ratio (Investment Income divided by Average assets under management)7.65%7.90%
12 Technical  reserves  to  Net  Written  Premium  ratio  (Reserve  for  unexpired  risks  plus  premium  
deficiency reserve plus reserve for outstanding claims divided by Net Written Premium)
67.86%65.88%
13 Underwriting balance ratio (segment wise) (Underwriting profit divided by net earned premium 
for the respective class of business)
(2.55%)0.69%
14 Operating  profit  ratio  (Underwriting  profit  plus  investment  income  divided  by  net  earned  
premium)
2.65%5.65%
15 Liquid assets to liabilities ratio (Liquid assets of the insurer divided by the policy holders' liabilities)43.69%32.85%
16 Net earnings ratio (Profit after tax divided by Net Written Premium)4.16%6.01%
17 Return on networth (Profit after tax divided by net worth)9.20%13.33%
18 Solvency Ratio2.212.21
19 NPA Ratio
Policyholders' Fund
Gross NPA RatioNANA
Net NPA RatioNANA
Shareholders' Fund
Gross NPA RatioNANA
Net NPA RatioNANA
20 Debt Equity Ratio0.070.07
21 Debt Service Coverage Ratio22.0428.39
22 Interest Service Coverage Ratio22.0428.39
23 Equity Holding Pattern 
No. of Shares (nos.) 587,786,459  585,283,381 
Percentage of Shareholding
Indian81%73%
Foreign19%27%
Basic EPS before extraordinary items (net of tax expense) for the period (not to be annualized)11.0114.48
Diluted EPS before extraordinary items (net of tax expense) for the period (not to be annualized)10.8614.19
Basic EPS after extraordinary items (net of tax expense) for the period (not to be annualized)11.0114.48
Diluted EPS after extraordinary items (net of tax expense) for the period (not to be annualized)10.8614.19
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
236

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ACCOUNTING RATIOS
SCHEDULE 1 : 
Gross premium growth 
rate (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 9.84%17.88%
Personal Accident (10.38%)9.21%
Travel 69.02%182.19%
Total 9.58%17.77%
 SCHEDULE 2 : 
Net commission ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 14.48%13.24%
Personal Accident 8.23%11.30%
Travel 53.32%4.94%
Total 14.43%13.22%
 SCHEDULE 3 : 
Net retention ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 92.71%92.44%
Personal Accident 77.40%77.83%
Travel 46.05%29.32%
Total 92.51%92.22%
SCHEDULE 4 : 
Underwriting  
balance ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance (2.84%)0.39%
Personal Accident 24.51%28.09%
Travel (8.80%)(59.53%)
Total (2.55%)0.69%
 SCHEDULE 5 : 
Expenses of management 
to Gross Direct Premium 
ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 31.05%30.60%
Personal Accident 33.60%34.71%
Travel 53.82%35.34%
Total 31.09%30.66%
 SCHEDULE 6 : 
Expenses of management 
to Net Written Premium 
ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 30.81%30.23%
Personal Accident 27.79%31.47%
Travel 86.20%58.50%
Total 30.80%30.25%
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
237

Schedules forming part of Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
SCHEDULE 7 : 
Net Incurred Claims to 
Net Earned Premium (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 70.53%66.76%
Personal Accident 49.71%35.35%
Travel 24.28%96.09%
Total 70.30%66.42%
 SCHEDULE 8 : 
Claims paid to claims 
provisions (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 105.31%92.64%
Personal Accident 66.83%53.58%
Travel 27.08%159.72%
Total 102.18%89.50%
 SCHEDULE 9 : 
Combined ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 101.34%96.99%
Personal Accident 77.50%66.82%
Travel 110.48%154.59%
Total 101.09%96.67%
 SCHEDULE 10 : 
Technical Reserves to net 
premium ratio (%)
Segment FY 24-25 FY 23-24
Fire   -     -   
Marine   -     -   
Motor   -     -   
Workmen's Compensation/ 
Employers Liability 
  -     -   
Public/Product Liability   -     -   
Engineering   -     -   
Health Insurance 67.10%65.14%
 Personal Accident 148.57%127.61%
 Travel 42.15%94.46%
 Total 67.86%65.88%
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
238

In accordance with part IV Schedule B of the Insurance Regulatory and 
Development Authority of India (Preparation of Financial Statements 
and Auditors Report of Insurance Companies) Regulations, 2002, the 
following  Management  Report  for  the  year  ended  March  31,  2025  
is submitted:
1.      The  Company  received  the  Certificate  of  Registration  under  
the provisions of sub-section (2A) of section 3 of the Insurance 
Act,  1938  from  the  Insurance  Regulatory  and  Development  
Authority of India, to transact the business of general insurance, 
from 16
th
 March 2006 and continues to be valid.
2.      To  the  best  of  our  knowledge  and  belief,  all  material  sums  
payable  to  the  statutory  authorities,  other  than  contested  
claims, have been duly paid.
3.  The shareholding pattern and the transfer of shares during the 
year ended March 31, 2025 are in accordance with the statutory 
or regulatory requirements.
4.      No  funds  of  the  policyholders  have  been  invested  directly  or  
indirectly outside India.
5.      The  Company  has  maintained  the  required  solvency  margins  
laid down by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority 
of India.
Management Report
6.      The  values  of  all  the  assets  have  been  reviewed  on  the  date  
of the Balance Sheet and that in our belief the assets set forth 
in  the  Balance  Sheet  are  shown  in  aggregate  at  amounts  not  
exceeding their realizable or market value under the headings 
– “Loans”, ‘Investments”, “Agents balances”, “Interest, “Dividends 
and  Rents  accruing  but  not  due”,  “Outstanding  premiums”,  
“Interest,  Dividends  and  Rents  outstanding”,  “Amounts  due  
from other persons or Bodies carrying on insurance business”, 
“Advances”, “Cash” and the several items specified under “Other 
Accounts”.
7.      Company  is  exposed  to  a  variety  of  risks,  such  as  quality  of  
risks  underwritten,  fluctuations  in  the  value  of  assets  etc.  The  
Company  monitors  these  risks  closely  and  takes  effective  
remedial  steps  to  address  these  risks.  The  Company,  through  
an appropriate reinsurance program has kept its risk exposure 
at a level commensurate with its capacity.
8.      The  Company  does  not  have  operations  outside  India.  The  
Company  has  an  Insurance  Office  (IIO)  at  IFSC  –  Gift  City  
(Ahmedabad)  branch  registered  under  IFSCA  (International  
Financial Services Centers Authority).
9. I. Ageing analysis of Gross Claims outstanding
 (` in lakhs)
Period
Health (including travel)Personal Accident
No. of ClaimsAmount involvedNo. of ClaimsAmount involved
0-30 days178,91867,7092671,741
31 days to 6 months43,17726,0545273,757
6 months to 1 year13,2566,0801431,228
1 year to 5 years83173162753
5 years and above----
 II. Details of Average Claim settlement time for the preceding five years
(` in lakhs)
Segment
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24FY 2022-23
Average 
Settlement 
time 
(Days)
No of 
Claims 
Settled
Amount 
settled in 
Lakhs
Average 
Settlement 
time (Days)
No of 
Claims 
Settled
Amount 
settled in 
Lakhs
Average 
Settlement 
time (Days)
No of 
Claims 
Settled
Amount 
settled in 
Lakhs
Personal Accident
131,5167,068
141,6975,290112,3536,546
Health (including 
travel)
82,022,2641,012,121
171,744,914870,901111,468,679758,652
Segment
FY 2021-22FY 2020-21
Average 
Settlement 
time (Days)
No of Claims 
Settled
Amount 
settled in 
Lakhs
Average 
Settlement 
time (Days)
No of Claims 
Settled
Amount 
settled in 
Lakhs
Personal Accident122,1705,700121,8183,781
Health (including travel)121,470,447875,85911847,139502,207
  Note: Average settlement time is taken from the date of last document receipt till date of settlement of claims.
Corporate  Overview  
Statutory  Reports  
Financial  Statements  
Annual Report 2024-25
239

 III. Details of claims intimated is given below:
Particulars
2024-252023-24
No. of Claims 
intimated
Amount
(` in lakhs)
No. of Claims 
intimated
Amount
(` in lakhs)
Health (including travel)2,374,6331,512,2682,117,2401,339,842
Personal Accident6,77433,9284,84217,311
10.  As at March 31, 2025, the investments of the Company comprise 
of investments in Government securities (both Central & State 
Govt.  securities),  housing,  infrastructure  and  other  corporate  
bonds, mutual fund, REiTs, INViT, ETF, TREPS and fixed deposits 
with banks.
    The  investments  in  Government  securities  are  considered  as  
“Held  to  Maturity  (HTM)”  and  are  measured  at  historical  cost  
subject  to  amortization  and  investments  in  fixed  deposits  of  
banks  are  measured  at  face  value.  Similarly,  Investments  in  
mutual funds are measured at Net Asset Value and investment 
in  REIT  is  reported  at  Market  Value  as  on  March  31,  2025  and  
the  unrealized  gain  /  loss  is  debited  /  credited  to  Fair  Value  
Change Account.
    The  market  value  of  investments  in  Debt  Securities  including  
Government  Securities  have  been  ascertained  by  reference  
to  the  quotations  published  on  the  last  working  day  of  the  
financial  year  by  CRISIL.  The  market  value  of  Debt  Securities  
including  Government  Securities  which  were  not  quoted  on  
the last working day of the Financial year have been ascertained 
on the basis of prevailing Yield to Maturity provided by CRISIL. 
The aggregate market value of investments, other than equity 
shares,  mutual  funds,  ETFs,  investments  in  REiTS  &  INViT,  as  
per  Schedule  8  &  8A  annexed  to  the  Balance  Sheet  stood  at  
` 1,498,333 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 as against the book value 
of ` 1,495,263 lakhs. The investment income, net of amortization 
including profit on sale of investments was ` 12,808 lakhs for the 
year ended March 31, 2025. The weighted average yield on all 
the Fixed Income bearing Investments (including Profit on sale) 
was 7.48%.
11.       The  Company  has  adopted  a  prudent  investment  policy  with  
emphasis on optimizing return with minimum risk. Significant 
weighing  of  the  assets  has  been  made  towards  low-risk  
investments such as Government Securities, Treasury bills and 
other good quality Debt instruments.
 All the investments have been duly serviced.
12. Director’s Responsibility Statements:
 I.  In the preparation of financial statements, the applicable 
Accounting Standards, principles and policies have been 
followed  along  with  proper  explanations  relating  to  
material departures, if any.
  II.      The  management  has  adopted  accounting  policies  and  
applied  them  consistently  and  made  judgments  and  
estimates  that  are  reasonable  and  prudent  so  as  to  give  
a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company 
at the end of the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 
of  the  Operating  Profit  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  
year  ended  March  31,  2025  and  of  the  Net  Profit  of  the  
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
  III.       The  Management  has  taken  proper  and  sufficient  care  
for  the  maintenance  of  adequate  accounting  records  in  
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Insurance 
Act, 1938 and Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
fraud and other irregularities.
 IV.  The Management has prepared the financial statements 
on a going concern basis.
 V.    The Management has put in place an internal audit system 
commensurate  with  the  size  and  nature  of  the  business  
and  it  is  operating  efficiently.  The  observations  of  the  
internal  auditors  are  being  addressed  by  the  Company  
and  the  Company  will  ensure  that  all  the  requirements  
will be fully complied with.
13.       There  are  no  payments  other  than  those  arising  in  the  
normal  course  of  the  Company’s  Insurance  business,  made  
to  individuals,  firms,  companies  and  organizations  in  whom  /  
which the directors of the company are interested.
For and on Behalf of Management
Nilesh           Kambli                                                                             Anand           Roy
Chief Financial Officer     Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
Place : Chennai
Date : April 29, 2025
Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd
240

Star Health & Allied Insurance Company Limited 
Annual Report 2024-25
Built Around Customers!
www.starhealth.in